"ottimi prezzi, ottimo supporto pre e post vendita.
Plataforma intuitiva e regole chiare.
Non appena raggiungo il payout aggiorneró la recensione
per ora, tutto benissimo!",

"Bravi continuate a cancellare le mie recensioni prop scam… chiudono gli account in profitto, truffatori!!!",

"Fondi senza challenger,anche se preferirei non avere penalità durante le news a grosso impatto",

"Grazie mille Belssing per l'assistenza ricevuta, molto chiaro come sempre e preciso. Spero di arrivare al payout per poter aggiornare ulteriormente la mia recensione. Grazie",

"Lasciate perdere
Trovano il modo di non pagarti con qualche violazione assurda come martingala
Non si possono aprire due posizioni della stessa size nella stessa direzione
Assurdo
Senza avvisarti di bloccano l account
Solita prop di m….",

"Buona prop, regole chiare e precise, ma spread troppo alti. Su indici come NQ lo spread medio è 4/5 pip, davvero tanto se si cerca precisione operativa.",

"Servizio clienti ottimo, qualsiasi richiesta viene risolta nel breve tempo. L’unica prop che ti garantisce il saldo senza nessuna challenge, con regole precise, che vanno soltanto rispettate per arrivare al pagamento. Possibilità in oltre di ottenere account di pagamento mensili oppure su richiesta il che già questo è una grande novità nel mondo delle prop. Prezzi convenienti specialmente ora come ora con la scontistica del 30% ancora attiva come promozione. Chat veloce su discord con il servizio assistenza! Top.",

"prop che ho provato per caso, in quanto non si doveva superare nessuna sfida.
Devo dire che sono rimasto molto soddisfatto sia dal servizio clienti che dal pagamento che entro due giorni dalla richiesta è arrivato sul mio wallet.
In conclusione la consiglio sicuramente e spero che continuino così.TOP",

"Il giorno 21 maggio dovevo ricevere la mail di pagamento, ma niente, il team è sempre attivo e risponde sempre ma da sempre le stesse risposte... (Tomorrow, Tomorrow e Tomorrow)
Con oggi è il sesto giorno di ritardo e mi è stato anche detto che oggi avrei ricevuto questa mail di pagamento ma niente. Ho rispettato tutte le regole ho tutte le prove

APPENA RICEVERÒ IL PAGAMENTO CANCELLERÒ QUESTA RECENSIONE",

"Ottimo team ho avuto dei dubbi e sono stati velocissimi a contattarmi e rispondere a tutte le domande che avevo complimenti continuate così ottimo sito consigliatissimo 🤙✅",

"se vengono rispettate le regole i pagamenti sono certi, almeno questa è la mia esperienza",

"Azienda davvero unica per serietà', regole chiare e fantastica nel dare la possibilità' di essere finanziati da subito senza passare per la challenge",

"ottimo su tutto
non posso lamentarmi mi risolvono qualsiasi problema",

"Ho appena iniziato a fare trading su questa piattaforma ma gia' mi piace molto. I punti di forza? E' senza challenge di valutazioni e il prezzo e' buono. Io ne ho girati molto prima di scegliere. Lo consiglio.",

"great service",

"Dopo quasi 1 anno devo dire che hanno migliorato le situazioni che c'erano prima, le 2 regole insignificanti, 3 day a week e 2 min, regole assolutamente inopportune per chi fa trading, togliendole, direi che hanno esponenzialmente aumentato fiducia e capito il trader, perchè alla fine chi è un trader vincente, lo sarà nel lungo periodo, non servono barriere c'è gia il mercato, chi è perdente sarà perdente anche senza regole, anzi per la fretta di fare soldi brucierà il conto in 1 giorno.",

"esperienza positiva, spread bassi e regole fattibili",

"Ottima azienda e con un servizio clienti molto professionale.
Ho acquistato un account, ho avuto accesso dopo solo 2 ore.
Le regole sono poche e semplici e i generosi payout sono pagati in modo puntuale.",

"So far im happy with OFP Funding. I got two payouts with OFP. As I stated before in my previous review.. Just follow the rules and you will get your payout. Simple as that.",

"THIS IS THE WORLD BEST STANDARD ANYONE WOULD PRAY FOR , ANY DAY. !!
the availability of the support team is one things that makes it sure to reach the highest level of comfort with O.F.P


EVERYTHING IS GOOD !!!🏆",

"I like their instant funding program, they are transparent and trustworthy. They offer a variety of options when choosing an account to get funded with, which can make accounts cheaper for their customer",

"I still like OFP just that if they can increase their consistency % and give regular discounts",

"The company is really excellent
But we have a note regarding Bitcoin Indicatorsand digital currencies, where the smallest possible transaction amount is one valid lot, and this is very large. We ask the company to allow the lot to be divided into 0.01 and 0.05, and so on.",

"SCAMM... No payout.!!!! Havent breach any rule, they show me fake chat, like group trading and suspended Account.
They will do everything to denny payout. Total scamm",

"I'm just recently bought an account from this firm. Haven't started trading yet, but so far everything is good. Rules are transparent, supports are very quick to responds for questions and disputes in its discord server, CEO is very often giving updates by posting messages on discord as well as to communicate the firm's values and missions, there are interesting promotions too",

"I got the payout right now from ofp I am very happy with because I received pay with 7 days once my trade value core less than 20%. Thanks ofp love u",

"Dashboard is horrible as it does not produce live data. Accounts metrix does produce not real time data which causes Multiple false breaches. Discounts don't work (for me) and they stole money from me.

I have photographic proof of this Inconsistency rules are to their benefit not yours.

Rather pass a regular challenge

They do pay but your gonna waste a lot of money before making",

"Actually I can rate you 5🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩because of the transparency and multiple options for the trader's,no challenge to pass, multiple withdrawal options,active customer service, and no delay for you to receive your trading credentials as long as your payment confirm. But I suggest you work on the inconsistency score,to increase the percentage,because It might delay some traders withdrawal!!!",

"This prop firm is an instant funding prop firm, it gives instant funding and you do not need the stress of passing challenge. They are reliable and their payout is quick",

"New way of Prop Firm
OFP offer with instant fund and help trader by Inconsistency Score. It's powerful for me.",

"OFP is very unique, very transparent and well organized. Their ability to lift and help people from scratch to the top is awesome. All the giveaway that's been advertising actually works and many people have truly benefited from OFP. Their trading platform is also awesome as well with a high level of professionalism in terms of good customer services. Keep the good work going OFP and the sky is your limit.",

"Fantastic support experience! The team was quick, knowledgeable, and genuinely cared about resolving my issue. They made everything easy and even followed up to ensure I was satisfied. Highly recommend!",

"OFP is very fast in trade Execution.
Their Customer service is amazing..
I love their swift response to customers.
OFP offers a very tight spread",

"I love this firm so much they offer you trading account without challenge , just start trading make profit and withdraw so simple.
And they will give you options to select the plan you want according to your budget.

Payout is guarantee and sure just make your profit payout is never an issue omoh I love this firm is like dream come true to me.",

"I have been using OFP this month... unfortunately due to unforseen experiences I blew up my account.. however the platform is amazing, the customer care is lovely, the discord community is wonderful and yes every single week I see traders being paid making them the most legit instant fund prop firm. Keep it up",

"Bravi continuate a cancellare le mie recensioni prop scam… chiudono gli account in profitto, truffatori!!!",

"Very Good plateform. Rather going into challenges, wasting time & money, it's good to be funded directly & start trading.",

"From the company's page and its offerings I like the direction they're taking. Definitely have bright spots however I found some things such as the scaling plan to be missing off the site which would be good to look at it before making a decision to join. Also found customer service to be satisfactory but nothing great so it could be better, just being honest. But all in all I'd give the company a try.",

"Hi, Dejan here,

OFP is a very convenient trading firm

a lot of admins and support on discord, all day long.. also the website support is very quick and clear

for me, this human availability is the most important part of any business

ot feels very warm, thank you OFP for never leaving us hanging with questions

Dejan",

"So far am giving a 4 star rating because of the speed of the support and the good spreads they offer.

Commissions still can be reduced to help us maximise profits.
Also about the platforms Ctrader is fine, matchtrader is very poor, tradelocker is something I've yet to use.

Payout is fast but can be faster last one took me close to 50 hours to receive it.

Overall I think OFP is a good company",

"What I love the most about OFP is that it is Instant Funding this takes away all the stress of trying to pass a challenge. The option to choose when I can get payouts is a big plus and the consistency rule is something I love as it allows me to have a strategic management plan is place without over trading. Overall I will highly recommend OFP support is top notch and trading conditions great news trading, swing etc....😊",

"What I love the most about OFP is that it is Instant Funding this takes away all the stress of trying to pass a challenge. The option to choose when I can get payouts is a big plus and the consistency rule is something I love as it allows me to have a strategic management plan is place without over trading. Overall I will highly recommend OFP support is top notch and trading conditions great news trading, swing etc....😊",

"They have options that suit everyone, we as a trader just have to make the decision of the account we want to go for.",

"I haven't gotten an account with them but with the concept of instant funding in a propfirm and the maximum amount of days required, makes me want to join OFP",

"great company, have excellent support. small spread and there are not anu hidden rules",

"It has been such a great experience with OFP. OFP services, giveaway provides great opportunities for traders in life to be outstanding in trading and earning more and has also help to secure a more profitable investment platform for traders who are beginners. I love OFP, long live OFP.",

"My experience with OFP so far has been great. Assistance and response time has been superb. I can't wait to see how far I can go with OFP as my source for prop funding.",

"Had couple of questions and support answered me in a short period of time with enough details for me to understand.",

"I have been using OFP for months now and I must say that it is a really reliable prop firm as well as really convenient to have an instant trading account at great prices. The support is very present and attentive on discord. They also always launch a lot of giveaways and prizes, which is very appetizing. If I were to rely on an instant account to trade, I would definitely choose OFP. They are fantastic!",

"Good prices for accounts and support was very helpful.
Adam Hussain",

"Best prop firm trade instant account real money don’t play here fast payout no deny no hidden rules no evaluation just trade your way",

"OFP would have been every traders dream prop firm but trust me traders, this firm is out to milk you at all cost. I purchased their 200k challenge while it was on a so called promo using INSTANT200K. For this promo, I was to pay $499.50 being 40% of the total sum. But surprisingly, I got a debit alert of $832.50. I reached out to the customer care and explained with screenshots to show the coupon stated VALID when i used it but i was frantically turned down. This goes to show OFP is SOLELY INTRESTED IN THE MONEY TRADERS PAY FOR CHALLENGE. I will continue to sing of this Fraud and convince as many traders as possible to STAY OFF this scam called OFP!",

"They provide quick funding which is really good to experienced traders who don't really need to pass a challenge before funding..",

"I just started gathering info on the company and what they have to offer. Honestly they seem straightforward and reliable as far as I can tell.",

"This company is really strange. many complex problems. When a problem occurs, send an email to support and they will reply but no solution will be given. It will not be resolved until reported on Trustpilot. Now that my account 1003373 was sent a payment confirmation email, the account is locked. Because of reporting a violation, 28 days of no transaction. While on April 29, 2024, support sent me an email advising me not to transact while waiting for payment confirmation.",

"Overall evrything is good but support services are slow",

"Greetings,

If you're considering purchasing a prop account with OFP Funding, my sincere advice is to stay as far away as possible.

After years of trading in Forex and working with various prop firms, I have yet to encounter a company that engages in such manipulative and deceptive practices. People pay in good faith, put in their best effort to complete the evaluation phase, and hope to earn a steady monthly return.

The issue isn’t with their rules. The rules are clearly stated and are meant to be followed. If you make a mistake—perhaps a minor one—they’ll give a warning, allowing you to correct it going forward. However, once you reach a funded account, adhere to all the rules, and finally submit a withdrawal request, OFP Funding begins its disingenuous tactics. They start fabricating baseless allegations, such as claiming that someone else was trading on the account or that someone external (like a signal provider) was contacting their chat support. They even went as far as to falsify chat conversations between OFP and this supposed third-party to accuse me of copying signals.

Even when I provided proof that all trading was conducted from a single, consistent IP address—my own home IP—they dismissed this evidence outright.

Stay far away from OFP Funding. If you are an EU resident, remember that you have agencies to report such fraud to relevant authorities. Do not hesitate to take action—after all, it’s your money at stake.",

"OFP is a HUGE SCAM!!!! Let me explain… I have a 100k account. I traded that account for 2 months to meet the consistency rule and made almost 12k in profits. At first they added a bunch of false violations and I received a Breach email and I looked on the dashboard and my account was violated so I just forgot about it and went on with my life. Then I received an email on my original payout day and the email said they require a video of trading strategy and how I acquired that strategy and suddenly my account was active again. Now, they don’t have ANYTHING about this “required video” in the rules on the FAQ so you don’t know this exist until it’s payout day. Now with that said I don’t make videos, I’m not a video person. I have a bad stutter and I certainly am not able to do a video explaining everything. I have no experience or desire to be on camera. If I had known about this I won’t not have wasted my money buying an account. To me that’s called a hidden rule and it’s designed to use to deny payouts. That qualifies OFP as a complete scam!! I don’t recommend for anyone to use them because who know what other scam rules they will come up with. I have spoke to support several times about this issue and if I don’t make the video I don’t get my payout so that’s it for me with OFP. TOTAL SCAM",

"Customer support are great and helpful fast replying any time and any day... i am very happy with all of ther rules and transparency till now...I highly ecommend trying OFT Prop firm",

"Definitely a scam, I have wasted a lot of money. Passed my account many times but every time they come up with lame excuse to fail on the day of payout. Please beware unless you just opening the account for fun and money don’t matter to you.i have focused solely on Bulledge since they are consistent with payout,.",

"As a begining trader I was with limited funds and little knowledge until I found OFP Funding. After struggling for some time on my own I found OFP Funding's community and support a breath of fresh air. I now have all the tools and support to become a successful trader. Thank you OFP Funding",

"Fondi senza challenger,anche se preferirei non avere penalità durante le news a grosso impatto",

"It's really been a very terrible episode with these people, I have tried everything in the book to get out of here but it seem they have a plan of their own, and that's to steal from me. I won't use them if I were you. If I hadn't known about, EIıte EcheIon, I would be in a very dire financial condition now, they have been wonderful and consistent with payments.",

"One thing I just have to say, if you truly know how to trade, read the rules and being disciplined in the front of your charts you will find out that OFP is the best prop firm that you have faced in the industry. Who else gives you up to 80% profit share with 5%daily dd, 10% max dd in an instant funding model. Yeah, they are strict in their rules but they are not impossible to follow if you are a good trader. For me OFP is that kind of firm that we need that last forever. I just said that because I particularly love the idea of earn from day one and I don't like challenges.",

"So far so good. Bought an account, had some questions and the support was quick to reply. Only started trading yesterday. So far I don't know about payouts or anything. Only that support and the website seems to work fine. I'll update the review once I get to payout stage.",

"The company looks great. Good Discord community, good support team and they have competitive pricing. What I liked most is that they are transparent. They have their legal company data on their FAQ and they explain their rules clearly.",

"The firm has been great, so far as long as you follow their rules you sure to meet your inconsistency score and get paid",

"I have had multiple questions and the customer service with OFP is top notch so far. Other prop firms seem to be slow is the service department. I am glad I have found OFP. They have been really helpful in clarifying questions I have had always on the same day. I am looking forward to a payout with them.... I will update when I receive a payout. So far so good with OFP.",

"Awesome. OFP is the best Funded without any challenges or evaluation. I suggest everyone in the world try this firm. I will add more reviews if I success get payout. Good luck",

"I got timely clarifications from the support team, and I believe the responses I got would assist me to trade and have better business relationship with OFP.",

"Beware of OFP – Fraud and Dishonest Practices!
My experience with OFP has been an absolute disappointment. After 21 days of waiting, I did not receive my withdrawal of €25,200. Instead, they provided false reasons to deny the payout. The support team, especially someone named R A U . . ., has been extremely uncooperative and dishonest. It appears that only selected people are paid out small amounts. My messages were deleted to cover their tracks, and my account (No. 1003179) is being ignored.

My lawyer is now involved, and OFP should gather their fabricated evidence. I will continue to report this company as fraudsters and take legal action. Be warned!",

"Hello friends.
I posted two review on OFP. They asked me to contact the support to review my case. But very sorry to say that support agent has no answer of my questions. He is not reffering my case to related department. They have hidden rules and they violate my account without any reason. I have all the proofs and have detail study of all the rules. Their CEO only post promotion material on discord. He didn't even bother to reply of coustomer. Only they are trying to sale their accounts not giving any attention to coustomer complaints.",

"Best prop firm you can trust no evaluation fast payout and more the best to trust don’t waste your time on evaluation again",

"I love this firm because their program is better and their challenges rule also clear. I have great support from them as well. Great to be part of it",

"Simon was really nice and helped with all my questions nicely",

"Informations regarding rules and regulations trading are clear enough and their support team is responsive.this is the only prop firm that I know only offer instant funding and fees are quite reasonable",

"OFPFunding, is a reliable and trustworthy platform. Not only it works as advertised, but in the community blog there are a lot of valuable information in order to support during the trading journey",

"George understood the assignment and the help i needed and he gave me a very specific ans honest answer. Better than that i could not describe it on my own. Thank you very much for the help",

"This platform is a scam. They say we're using illegal strategies when we try to raise the payout, and they don't show it in their dashboard until after they've raised it. This has happened to three people I know.",

"Scams...
Pyramid scheme...
Avoid going for OFP, avoid it at all costs.
It surprises me that they are operating in the UK in a such way.
Basically you pay money for DEMO accounts that will never pay any profit split. Pyramid scheme.",

"Payed for a challenge and requested a refund. NO REFUNDS RECEIVED. THEY WILL NEVER PAYOUT. SCAM SCAM SCAM SCAM SCAM SCAM SCAM SCAM STAY AWAY SCAM SCAM RUN",

"OFP is one of the cheapest Instant Funding Prop around after some research, I've gotten an account and I'm currently trading. Support is 24/7 and very responsive. I'll be giving give stars if withdrawal is seamless",

"This prop firm pushes the finish line further with the more money you make. You can make profit with any other prop firm a lot quicker if you pay the same amount of money for an account. Inconsistency score is based on highest profit day rather than total balance on account. So if you have a record day of profits, the finish line is pushed further for you to meet the inconsistency score threshold. You're better off getting another prop firm that doesn’t have this in place.",

"Nothing more than they violate the account at any point and I show them that I did not break any rule, they can not clarify the reasons then they do not reply you any more
and I show them the graph of my account they manipulate the rules and also they have this hidden rule about max value which is crazy rule in my point of view",

"Ofp instant funding program is definitely the number one leading prop firm in the industry
They are unique in their ways and they offer the best platform for trading the financial market
Purchase an account today and you get funded instantly without thinking to pass any challenge phase
Also they have a consistency rules that guides you and make you keep check of your trading journal, some people thinks otherwise about this rules but sincerely this consistency rules will make you trade properly and have a realistic profit target other than over trading and risking your trading account

Also ofp customers service is TOP NOTCH, they reply and give you assistance right on time, TO ME THIS IS THE BEST PART OF THE COMPANY, transparent and reliable

ABOVE ALL O.F.P IS THE BEST PLATFORM TO JOIN NOW IF YOU ARE STILL STRUGGLING WITH CHALLENGES AND PHASE PROP FIRM

SKIPP!!!! ALL CHALLENGES TODAY, GET FUNDED INSTANTLY AND SPLIT PROFIT IMMEDIATELY!!!",

"OFP Funding has established itself as a notable instant funding prop firm with several distinctive features and some limitations. Here's a comprehensive review:
Key Strengths
Instant Funding Model
The firm offers immediate access to trading capital without requiring challenges or evaluations, with account sizes ranging from $5,000 to $200,000. This unique approach sets it apart from many competitors in the market.
Profit Structure
OFP offers competitive profit splits up to 80%, which has significantly improved their market position. Payouts are processed after just four days, making it an attractive option for active traders.
Trading Conditions
- No profit targets required
- Multiple currency options (USD, EUR, GBP)
- 1:100 leverage
- Various account sizes available
Consistency Rules
The consistency scoring system is well-structured:
- Calculated as the total profit of best day divided by total PnL
- Must remain below the maximum inconsistency score
- Helps maintain disciplined trading
- Does not result in immediate account closure if exceeded
Areas for Improvement
Platform Limitations
The firm does not allow Expert Advisors (EAs) or copy trading, which may be restrictive for automated traders.
Recent Concerns
Some traders have reported:
- Payout delays
- Account termination issues
- Slow response times from support[5]
Overall Rating: 4/5
OFP deserves a 4-star rating primarily due to its user-friendly platform, innovative instant funding model, and competitive profit splits[1]. While there are some concerns regarding support and certain restrictions, the overall package remains attractive for manual traders seeking immediate funding opportunities",

"OFT FUNDING is the best propfirm among others, you can set your draw down, the payment period and profit sharing.
The best thing is prices are very low and you're getting live account, there's nothing like one or two phase(s) challenge",

"It is geat not to do a challenge first and I found the app great to use and rules are easy to follow. Just make sure about no EA , hedging and consistenty rule.",

"A good prop firm in the industry who was been trying their best to give people the best trading experience as their are transparent one should definitely give them a try",

"They are extremely quick to remove bad reviews and Trustpilot helps them to do it. In a fair world where people didn’t get away with such obvious scam, OFP would have no stars. The reason they have 4 rating is because they remove the bad ratings. OFP is easily the worst thing in trading. It is pathetic they even exist. Scumbags.",

"So far so good OFP are doing great. Very clear rules. Fast payout system",

"The service is horrible, I had an account was trading well had profit then I kept having my lots changed I told them to check on it then I was suspended now I'm locked out of even my dashboard worst firm ever",

"I am deeply disappointed with the way my case has been handled by the support team. Despite following all the rules and guidelines, my payout of €25,200 was denied with vague accusations of rule violations. To date, no concrete evidence has been provided to justify this decision.

The lack of transparency and the unwillingness to address my concerns properly only adds to the frustration. It feels like my case is not being taken seriously, and I have been left with no other option than to consider legal action if this issue is not resolved.

I hope the company takes this review seriously and finally pays out the funds that I am rightfully owed.",

"Good support and challenging prices,i see them going higher in competing other prop firms if they keep their momentum",

"Good firm to work with, you just have to understand the rules and follow them efficiently, you won't have stories.",

"Ofp gives low spread which is really good and has multiple trading platforms to choose from",

"There is no competition. You compete with yourself. Reliable in paying",

"I followed all their rules without breaching any but they denied my payout claiming that I don't have a clear and consistent strategy. There were no metrics on what is the minimum requirement for number of pips or hold time.
They then went ahead and reset the account wrongly which led to a breach that should not have existed. (You can't breach a max drawdown of 10% when you only lost 3%)
From your response OFP you didn't even bother to read the review.
The max daily loss on the account is 5% not 3%.",

"I just want to you traders to be safe. As of the 3/10/2024 FCA has listed ofp funding as unauthorised. Most reviews you’re seeing are from people who are just happy to have an account on time without evaluation but once they request a payout then it’s a different story if the payout is huge. OFP funding can manipulate your trades and their dashboard. Also ofp are not on companies house. I read another review from someone saying they were going to report them to FCA so it must of worked. I will be reporting them as well from how they manipulated my trades. Anyone in the UK who has been lied to by them follow me in reporting these thieves.",

"The firm makes up excuses to not pay you. they want to send them a video of your strategy if they don't like it they say your "gambling" despite having a high win rate and being consistent. others using the firm in the discord are getting payouts delayed or denied. STAY AWAY DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY. Once you reach the consistency rule they wait till last minute to claim you broke a rule!!!!!!",

"Ya esta empresa esta en la mira porque NO PAGAN, ponen muchas trabas despues de ganar dinero, ellos alegan juegos de azar porque ven operaciones ganadoras en poco tiempo en minutos, el buen trader gana en segundos, minutos, horas o semanas, son estilos y estos desgraciados me robaron $8000",

"Definitely a scam, I have wasted a lot of money. Passed my account many times but every time they come up with lame excuse to fail on the day of payout. Please beware unless you just opening the account for fun and money don’t matter yo you. If u want I can show u my accounts.",

"There are more successful propeller companies elsewhere...

I earned £300 in 15 days. I had to get the pound back whenever I wanted (£240).

(on demand) I talked to customer services to avoid any mistakes, they said you can open it 3.5 times!) (I opened it 3 times)

But the last transaction will be profitable.
Although it will not exceed 2 times... a rule within a rule, a rule within a rule... a completely malicious system

I'm sorry to say that it is not a safe company at all...

Labor theft.... Moreover, the prices are extremely expensive!

Don't give your money to this company in vain.

Do not trust this disgraceful company...

And when you follow your rights, you get bad results...

will prove it
I have photos. !
It was my mistake to trust.

They ended my 15-day winning streak by calling it a ridiculous rule violation...

If I had not asked for money, they would have continued to earn along with me (I would have won without knowing it and they would have earned more money in the end.
But my end will would be the same

My path is clear, I am successful...

I wish them success in defrauding people to you

I have photos to prove it. They ended their 15-day winning streak by calling it a ridiculous rule violation...",

"OFP has really improved. The opportunity giving to clients to configure their accounts is a very good future. I bought an account and immediately my payment was successful i was giving my login details which was so awesome.
Would give another review on the payout. Many thanks OFP for your exceptional services as you move to the moon/",

"Fast processing of my new account. It was sent to me right away. I dont have any problem with the trading platform Ctrader. Fast executions. Overall, very good experience. Plus, the price of this no challenge 25k buyone getone is a great offer for 399 for the 2 accounts! Thank you!",

"Propfirm fiable, a voir maintenant sur le long terme",

"Estafa mayúscula. Encuentran excusas para no pagar. O mejor se las inventan, porque las reglas se respetan y buscan como no pagar. Tanto esfuerzo y dedicación para semejante decepción. No caigan en la trampa.

Primero que hago apuestas y de 100 operaciones 97 son positivas. ESTAFA

Y DESPUÉS QUE COPIO. MÁS EXCUSAS PARA NO PAGAR. ESTAFA.

NO CAIGAN EN LA TRAMPA POR FAVOR.",

"I had trouble logging in with the credentials at first but the customer service was very quick to help me and changed my password which worked fine. Good customer service and quick response.",

"No informan correctamente de las condiciones y te cierra la cuenta por cualquier cosa está hecho para recaudar",

"My experience with the customer service report was wonderful, I just want them to remove or adjust their consistency rules and laws and also why is it that you can't even get discounts on the small account.",

"I love that they let you operate cryptos and forex and gold but I don't like them asking you how your strategies work, Why do I need to explain my strategies to withdrawal?",

"My account creditental have been sent me rapidly. Purchase transaction were made easily. They were so supportive and helpful during the transaction.",

"Avoid this if you cannot manage the 3% daily drawdown on your highest balance , including your profits",

"A éviter !!
mon compte a été fermé sous pretext de violation du daily drowdown alors que je n'ai pas franchi les 3%",

"Trusted firm. I love the the payout proofs",

"Simon is of great support in OFP Funding.
A really Attractive Model they have and I must say Representatives like Simon make it so easy for traders like me.",

"My payout date was October 14th. I followed all their rules and am eligible for a payout. I have received several payouts from OFP in the past so I know that they send an email, typically on payout day, asking how I want the payout sent to me. Then they send the money shortly after. The problem is it's now October 22nd and they have not sent me the payout email and they have not sent me the money. I have messaged their customer support team several times. All they tell me is to wait. I am very concerned that nothing is being done and OFP is not going to pay me. This is the second time they have delayed payout like this. Last time they eventually paid after about 1-2 weeks. My account number is 1000645. When I receive my payout I will update this review.

Update: OFP denied my payout. Their reason to deny the payout was because my risk to reward ratio is 4:1. They stated they believe that this shows poor risk management. Keep in mind OFP has already paid me 5 times in the past using this same strategy. They said this falls under their gambling restriction and stated I have to lower my risk to reward ratio in order for them to pay me. The problem is the gambling restriction does not mention anything about consistently using a high risk reward ratio with a high win rate across many trades in a pay period using the same lot size and risk. I offered to lower the overall risk and profit target so that I could use the same strategy with lower risk to the firm. They refused and still stated the risk reward is too high.
Buyer beware: they can subjectively interpret their own rules in order to deny payouts even after you have received a payout using the same strategy.",

"The support was quick to respond and they resolved my queries on the same day.
Their prices are competitive and the variety of options to choose from makes this company a very good option.",

"If I could give zero stars I would! Absolute scammers and liars and they do NOT have permission to operate so please stay clear of this company they are absolute fraudsters and will take your money then close your account for NO reason and lie! Check with the list and warnings with fca.org.uk for their company from the regulators. As I said they do NOT have permission to operate and are operating illegally!! I tried uploading the link directly but trustpilot doesn’t allow links. finteknologyltd-ofpfundingcom you will find these scammers have a warning and specifically stating they don’t have permission to operate ADDED EDIT in response… I’ve reached out many times and your AI responses are tiring and now non responsive. The FCA have emailed and confirmed you are a scam (their exact words) those are FACTS. You pay a few but scam the majority! Your positive reviews are fake or from the tiny percentage that you choose to pay then you will shut their accounts too and give no evidence of your crazy claims. Every email of non payout is exactly the same from trader to trader that you’ve scammed. THE FCA HAVE LITERALLY CALLED YOUR COMPANY A SCAM AND I HOPE YOU GET SHUT DOWN REAL SOON. Good day p.s I’d I’ve been breaking all these supposed rules then stop trying to sell me more trading accounts with your company.",

"Good customer service - looking forward to the next review after my initial payout is successful.
After all nothing is perfect but having a good live support is premium.",

"Fast Funding and great customer care service. You guys are excellent",

"Nun, ich bin hauptberuflicher Trader und kenne mich doch recht gut in dem Bereich aus. Die Firma - wie soll ich sagen, es gibt definitiv bessere - auch im INSTANT Bereich! Um es kurz und einfach zu sagen, selbst wenn man konsequent Handel, es wird wirklich IMMER ein Grund gefunden den Payout zu verzögern, zu kürzen oder komplett zu steichen. Los ging es mit einem Video zum Nachvollziehen der Strategie, wie ist mein Handelsstil und ist dieser auch für "die Firma" nachvollziehbar - tut mir leid, das geht gar nicht! Wenn man sich an ALLE REGELN hält (die es wirklich in sich haben) sollte man nicht noch über die Nachvollziehbarkeit eines Trades sprechen - und nebenbei, ist es auch relativ ob man "meinen Stil" nachvollziehen kann. Dafür sind wir Trader um FREI zu handeln (mit Einschränkung der Spielregeln)

Auch die Dokumentation sprich für die, die in Deutschland leben - Thema Rechnung usw - leider sind sie da nicht fortschrittlich.

Aber völlig unabhängig - das Ende vom Lied war - ohne NACHVOLLZIEHBAREN GRUND wurde dann der Acc gesperrt und geschlossen. Ich kann alles nachweisen, somit sind da hier keine Leeren Worte. Es handelt sich u.a. um eine Auszahlung im knapp 5stelligen Bereich.

Man investiert also zum einen für den ACC (eh klar) dann aber die Zeit und nach Wochen... oder länger stellt man fest- tja,...außer Spesen nichts gewesen.

Toll fand ich damals den Charety Gedanken welchen die Firma verfolgt - leider würde ich niemanden empfehlen hier ein Acc zu eröffnen.

In der letzten Email hieß es - sie sind dem Trader keine Rechenschaft schuldig wenn sie die Beziehung auflösung.

Ja´ha Danke für nichts!

Und das bei einer WIN RATE von ü90%

Also Finger weg, es gibt zuverlässigere Partner angefangen vom Support bis hin zu den Spielregeln.",

"The OFP community is great and a very nice and interesting place to be overall.",

"Uma ótima empresa me pagou certo , sem demora , que continue assim",

"C’est une plateforme super ! Je recommande pour les gens qui veulent commencer à faire des grosse sommes en trading !",

"I like everything about you and especially the support they are really poatient Just you are the best . J'ai mis Bwengne au lieu de Hassan Jacques pour le giveway sorry",

"Hello Everyone,

This is my second review of OFP. After posting my first review, OFP responded, asking me to contact their support team to review my case. I reached out, but no one addressed my core question: Why was my payment denied?

OFP has a dashboard that tracks rule violations, and my dashboard showed no violations. I’ve spoken with multiple support agents — Raudel, Yusirat, George, Blessing, and Lameck which was a waste of my time. They're not interested in resolving your issue. Raudel even told me in writing that they are not required to provide proof of my violations. I have documented evidence that I followed all of their rules, yet my payout was denied.

Based on my experience, this company is a SCAM. If you browse through Trustpilot reviews, you’ll notice that almost all the 5-star reviews come from people who either: Never requested a payout, or received a small payout.
On the second day of trading with OFP, they asked me to write a review. Had I completed it then, I likely would have given them 5 stars, as everything seemed fine initially. However, things change when you try to withdraw profits. That’s when the company becomes unresponsive.

Most 1-star reviews if not all are from traders who made significant profits — typically over $5K. These traders are suddenly accused of violating rules, such as:

Using signals, group trading or trading the same instruments as other traders. This is their made up excuse to refuse a payout.
OFP refuses to provide details on these alleged violations. They won’t disclose who these other traders are or show specific trades that supposedly broke their rules.

15% of all OFP Trustpilot reviews are 1-star, mostly from traders whose payouts were denied after making significant profits.

Save yourself the trouble — avoid OFP and go with a legitimate company that values transparency and integrity.

Thank you for reading.",

"After following all their rules and achieve the required TVS, I made profits 20k $ When the payout date came they terminated my account and banned me from terminal and discord ..",

"%3 ZARARI GEÇTI HESAP AMA %3 ILE KAPANMADİ KARLA KAPATTİM YAPTİĞİNİZ DOLANDİRİCİLIK PARAMİ YEDINIZ LAN",

"I just get stared with this company for now all is good what belongs to a fast requirements of c trader and trading performance along with the fair price of contract buying I give 4 stars for now just cause I don’t know how withdrawals gonna work and in how long it gonna show in my account once I withdraw, this might a company that I was looking for I will see this later for now 4 stars",

"I have been following ofp for long term this guys are amazing e prop firm with no challenge wow its amazing 🤩",

"I was able to meet their inconsistency score of 14.82% in the recently concluded trading cycle (October) my account is 1003445. However, during the review of my account, they referenced a news violation that occurred in the previous trading cycle (September). When I inquired with Blessing, one of their support agents, he mentioned that all violations flagged in September should have been reset at the beginning of the October trading cycle. Therefore, I was surprised to see my payout denied for reasons related to the prior cycle.

In my previous experience here on TrustPilot, I was informed:

"If an account is flagged for 'news straddling,' even if the instrument appears indirectly related to the news, the payout for that cycle will be denied to ensure fair play and consistency. However, your account remains active, and you can continue trading to earn profits for your next payout cycle."

I adhered to this guidance and continued trading until the next payout cycle, yet my payout was still denied based on reasons from a previous cycle. This situation is not clearly addressed in their rules, and it seems that Blessing and the review team may have been searching for justification for the payout denial, as evidenced by their responses:

10:28 AM | Blessing from OFP: "Your account review was supposed to have occurred in the last cycle when the news trading was flagged, and the payout should have been denied then. Since it was skipped, the review in this cycle resulted in a denial and the score reset."
12:37 PM | Blessing from OFP: "It was reviewed, and you did not meet the score, regardless of the violation."
12:42 PM | Blessing from OFP: "I just confirmed with the review team, and that was the explanation I received from them. Accounts are only reviewed when the score is met."
These three reasons do not align to provide a coherent explanation for the payout denial. OFP continues to lose its integrity as a prop firm, particularly when such issues arise. It raises the question: why encourage traders to continue trading an account with violations if the outcome is a denial of payouts, irrespective of the trading cycle? They claim not to have hidden rules, yet this appears to be a covert method for denying payouts.",

"I can't wait to start trading with your company and I will be happy it happens",

"Quỹ này uy tín, 1 quỹ tốt dành cho trader, việc kyc, rút tiền rất nhanh chóng, giao dịch thuận lợi",

"TAKE A LOOK AT ALL THE 5 STAR REVIEWS, THEY ARE ALL FROM NIGERIA. WHY IS THIS SO? USE YOUR HEAD. OFP FUNDING IS GOOD AT REPLYING TO LOW REVIEWS. ONCE YOU IN THE FIRM THEY SEND YOU AND EMAIL STATING GIVE US A REVIEW ON TRUST PILOT AND YOU WOULD BE IN THE DRAW FOR A FREE ACCOUNT, ALSO THEY PAY OUT SOME PEOPLE WHO MAKES LOW PROFIT TO MAKE IT LOOK LEGITIMATE. THEY ONLY PAY OUT 6 PEOPLE PER WEEK WITH LOW AMOUNTS SO THE PUBLIC THINKS IT'S ACTUALLY WORKS. WHICH IS REALLY SMART. DON'T LET THOSE SCAMMERS FOOL YOU WITH THOSE 5 STARS REVIEW.
THEY MADE ME TRADE 28 DAYS UNTIL THE DAY OF MY PAY OUT, THEN CLOSE MY 2 ACCOUNTS AND TOLD ME THAT I HAVE BEEN BANNED. THEY WOULD ALSO DELETE YOU FROM THEIR DISCORD GROUP. GOD KNOWS HOW MANY PEOPLE'S PROFIT THEY TOOK ALSO. I COULD WRITE ABOUT EVERYTHING THAT THEY DID TO MY 2 ACCOUNTS, BUT IT WOULD TAKE ALL DAY. THEY WOULD EVEN MANIPULATE THE ACCOUNT AND CHANGE THE FIGURES ON YOUR DASHBOARD TO MAKE SURE YOU VIOLATE THEIR TERMS TO SUSPEND YOUR ACCOUNT, THEY LITERALLY JUST DID THIS TO ME AND I DIDN'T DO ANY OF WHAT THEY CLAIMED. PLEASE BELIEVE WHEN I SAY THIS "SAVE YOUR MONEY AND USE IT WITH A TRUSTED BROKER BECAUSE THEY WILL STEAL EVERYTHING YOU HAVE.",

"Mình mua tk bên này để giao dịch rồi, nói chung cũng okie. Có 1 hạn chế là app hay bị đơ khi giao dịch giờ cao điểm, phần này chỉnh sửa được sẽ ổn",

"Great speed on replying",

"Ofp should order his verification agent to accept NIN as means of verification it's not everyone that have voters card driver license or international passport most of us especially in Nigeria has just NIN so I see no reason why NIN should be rejected as means of verification when other prop firm industries are accepting,due to this rejection I've been unable to verify my account which had made me not to be eligible to withdraw my profit even one of my friend I introduced to this platform is now on my neck for me to refund his money because his account can't be verified too due to rejection of NIN by OFP verification agent pls they really needs to work on this if they want to improve their services",

"Excelente atención al cliente, si tienes alguna duda acerca de las reglas responden amablemente y te aclaran el contenido de las reglas, eso es muy importante la atención al cliente",

"To be honest i find OFP FUNDING a honest and clear prof firm in the industry when we talk about rules and test prices",

"I have purchased one account of 200k ( worth almost 2k ) and after trading for 2 weeks, I have had 28k profit. When I requested my payout, I got an account analysis and I had my payment declined with the reason that "I was one side betting". When I asked the support team how many layers I am allowed to open, I was told "as many as I want". The reason why I bought an account that was was to be able to open how many layers I wanted whilst following their rules. All the time they come up with different unwritten rules such as "a trade has to be open more than a minute", or other traders were requested to present a video to explain their strategies.
I got pissed because of the denied payout so I blew the account. After 8 days, I got another email saying "During this review, we identified behaviors associated with prohibited activities such as group trading, trading signals sharing, account management, and device sharing. Specifically, this falls under our Group Trading policy, where one individual, device, or trading signal provider is involved in managing multiple OFP trading accounts." And they banned me. I was trading 8/9 hours per day, watching charts and doing analysis and they decided this in 2 minutes.

They claim they are doing the payouts... Yes, worth of few hundred bucks. The real money, they delay or find stupid excuses not to pay.

Don't believe me, check their discord group and you will see.

Yes, there are 1 or 2 guys good in customer support (admins), that's why they have so many good reviews, however, not for payouts.

I do have screenshots or the conversation with them unfortunately I can't upload it here.",

"Great customer service, from all the team!",

"Ofp is good,no challenge .but we must consisten",

"Une très bonne opportunité que nous propose cette prop. ne faites pas du casino et tout se passera bien !",

"Je n’est pas atteint les 750€ et vous avé couper mon compte",

"0k , this will probably be my last review since I am still waiting for the review of my account incorrectly rejected for my payout, I was told by support that I could scalp and was denied payment for scalping, coming in under the TVS , they changed the name , and with a success rate of 93.75% and trading carefully and professionally I was expecting to be paid, then like many other traders was refused, I noticed that they are still tell people that are looking to buy an account that you can scalp , I warn people, if you want to be paid , don’t scalp . This is what support is still saying tho ,
, “we advise to allow the trade run for at least 1 minute” that was direct advice from their support a week ago so don’t believe this advice.weeks later and still haven’t heard anything, to by support last week to wait … still waiting , for the record, my shortest trade was 6 minutes.

33.73
32.99
136.32
33.02
40.89
38.3
23.93
16.08
48.74
16.5
37.0
53.87
8.91
15.92
12.58
52.73
32.64
36.97
23.0
51.0
3.5
34
70
80
These are the profits that I made scalping that where rejected, I told them on discord that I’m happy to have my account made public so that they can see what is being rejected and people asked me why I wasn’t getting paid , I answered and was blocked from their discord, I have pretty much written off the money that im owed and im continually inundated with discount offers on accounts from them which is pretty funny . And to support if you answer this , I have already given my name , account number, email and phone number to you, multiple times , you seem interested when there is a negative review then absolute silence when out of public view. You need to be honest about your rules, tho support doesn’t seem to know them either. And you need to pay your traders .oh …. And the last payment cycle I didn’t even get an email about the account as you are supposed to , seems to be falling apart and their dashboard still doesn’t work and no , I’m not sending yet another screenshot of it .
Should also say , the dashboard hasn’t had any violation warnings in regard to the rejection
Just noticed the warning about the regulatory authorities are looking at them now , not really a surprise with my experience",

"I haven’t reached To the the payout yet but to support team is extremely fast and very friendly shoutout for the SAAD!!",

"This is the worst firm every they will have long list of hidden rules firstly the mostly not possible for everyone to reach their consistency rule which 25%-12% depending on your payout account. If you will reach payout by any chance they will find n number of ways to deny your payout and suspend your account directly. And lastly if reach payout by luck and receive payout after couple of days you will receive mail that you are banned from OFP services because of group trading or multiple device use. I was having 2 accounts and suddenly they banned both the accounts. When I tried to customer support they said nothing can be done. No proof nothing. They have equity based daily drawdown, HFT rule which is ok but the minimum time for holding a trade is not defined, etc rules. I received below mail for ban when i informed people on discord channel they banned and deleted my message. There many other trader who got similar mail. This prop firm is completely fraud stay away please.

Email:-
Dear Trader,
We hope this message finds you well. We are writing to inform you of the results of a recent audit of your account at Overview Funding Program (OFP). At OFP, we uphold strict standards in our audit processes, and as part of this, we have conducted a thorough review of your trade execution and account activity. During this review, we identified behaviors associated with prohibited activities such as group trading, trading signals sharing, account management, and device sharing. Specifically, this falls under our Group Trading policy, where one individual, device, or trading signal provider is involved in managing multiple OFP trading accounts. Such actions are strictly prohibited, as they suggest an intent to circumvent our rules and exploit the platform. This behavior violates OFP’s core principles of fairness and integrity. We are committed to ensuring that all traders operate with professionalism and adhere to sound risk management practices. As a result of our investigation, we regret to inform you that your account has been permanently terminated, and you are now banned from accessing OFP's services. We strongly encourage you to review our FAQs and Terms of Use, where further details regarding this violation are outlined. We understand that this may be a difficult message to receive. However, we trust that you will appreciate the importance of maintaining a transparent and ethical trading environment for all participants. If you have any further questions or require clarification, please do not hesitate to contact us. Thank you for your time, and we wish you all the best in your future trading endeavors.

Sincerely,
OFP Team Best wishes,
Lameck Customer Support Rep",

"The now and future best funding experience have hard so far in the world of trading",

"OFP Funding is a very reliable and trustworthy proprietary firm, they have the best rules in the industry",

"Ease of purchase",

"I like the tight spread, and customer service. I will add more if I received payout.",

"Yusirat, was very helpful and patient in answering my questions regarding inconsistency reset and payout.",

"i think we can join with small account without passing any silly challenges.
very good firm",

"Very, nice funding company",

"What made my experience great is that I was contacted by Marcello regarding my payment when the payment day had reached, they did not wait for me to remind them about my payment or complain about payment , this was really a great experience, I wish all firms were this thorough.",

"My account got suspended with no warning.",

"They will fund you without passing any challenge, If you trade within the rules they will pay you. But the rules are very deep.",

"You can literally expect everything from OFP. New rules being implemented from one day on another and applied retro active, dashboard not being updated for many days, OFP team members giving contradictory information, unclear vague rules that they can arbitrary use against you whenever they want.

For example they are using in their discord "few minutes" to determine HFT, When I asked what is "few minutes" no one gave an answer. Or "trades should be executed in a manner consistent with responsible trading practices" to determine trade duration. Do you know what that exactly mean? Neither do I and do they.

They intentionally have vague rules so that they can use them to deny our payouts whenever it suits them in case the payment amount is too high for example. That's why you can not see any payout being posted in their discord by a trader (not by them as the payouts they are posting are fake!) for over 5000 USD. That's also the reason why they do all the reviews "manually"... You have a dashboard where the most important breaches are displayed but don't think because you haven't breached those rules that you will get your payout... I am in contact with over 5 traders who didn't received their payouts (one over 20k!) and we are considering taking legal action together against them. Please contact me if you also got a victim of their shade dark practices .Together we can be stronger and take action!

They claim to be transparent but I can surely say that almost no-one (including their own members) knows what exactly their rules are. There are so much rules that if I would write them all down, I have over 2 pages. Their website (Section Help - Account & trading- OFP rules) is showing the rules but they are incomplete and/or misleading:

Two examples from the rules on their website:

8. Are there limits on the lot sizes I can use?
A: No, OFP Funding does not have limits on lot size use.
-> This is totally untrue. They have a hidden "gambling rule" that said that you should stay within a lot range of 3,5 times higher or lower than your previous trade. Funny thing is that a trader with a 5k cannot open a BTC trade lower than 1 BTC as their platform don't allow it. In that case you are obliged to gamble and this is allowed.

12. Are there any restrictions on trade duration?
A: While there is no strict minimum or maximum trade duration, trades should be executed in a manner consistent with responsible trading practices.
-> This phrase is open for so much interpretation and thats exactly what they want. Unclear rules to deny your paout afterwards! For example you have trades less than 1 minute, you are risking that those trades will be counted as HFT...

I can give many more examples, if you want to know please contact me and I will give you a more detailled summary of all collected evidence over the last months.

My lawyer suggested to install screen recorders and taking screenshots from all the trades and dashboard so that you have proves of everything as they are also manipulating your dashboard. That's what I did and I will encourage others do do the same. I have collected a lot of prooves and I still have my account waiting to ask for my next payout. If they dare to deny my next payout, which I really hope they will do because I am more interested in stopping those scammers than being paid, I will take legal action with all the evidence collected.

OFP is the most shady company I have ever seen and ever dealt with! They have one problem: I have a lot of time and looking for a new hobby and my new hobby can be OFP :)

I am a good trader and I don't worry about not being paid with them but I dislike dishonest shady companies and I really feel sorry for all the traders falling for their practices. I will do EVERYTHING to stop those people!

Please also note that even the FCA is warning customers to stay away from OFP "You should avoid dealing with this firm and beware of scams." You can see this phrase on the FCA website, look it up and you will see it is stated on their website.

!! Most of the 5 star reviews here are posted from NON-OFP users who only are interested in winning a free account with them in exchange for posting a 5 star review... As they are constantly organizing a contest and so "buy" their 5 star trustpilot reviews to compensate for all the real 1 star reviews from traders experiences. You can check this on their discord channel!

Stay far away from them!",

"Always evolving to make trading great and affordable to all. Impact affordable.",

"Well, my questions are fast answered. Thanks OFP and Simon",

"The worst prop firm out there

Money loving criminals..",

"The services and customer care response. I got all the help needed. Great to be part of OD[.",

"Have better service and price than many others.",

"Encantado de pertenecer a la familia ofp funding",

"OFP IS VERY FAMOUS AND VERY TRUSTED OFP I LIKE OFP VERY MUCH iI PREFER ONLY OFP",

"Seamless payment process and instantaneous access to trading account.",

"Customer service is fast.",

"Đây là công ty lừa đảo! Hãy tránh xa nó!
This is a scam company! Stay away from it!",

"Scam alert
They scam with traders money

Don’t use this pro firm",

"Nice one and it a good platform and profile",

"Very simple solution. No issue at all",

"It is the best prop firm, because of the free give away",

"great propfirm",

"Excellent customer care service
Strict Trading Rules
Transparency and Quick Execution.",

"It’s is a prop and",

"Excellent support, attentive and friendly",

"My experience was excellent",

"It's been good",

"معا من اجل مجتمع راقي واعِ",

"Ofp is good, thank you",

"100% trusted website",

"Fantastic processes",

"La Meilleure",

"trusted prop firm i got 2 payouts with them and hopefully i get more",

"Atendimento super rápido. Ótimo site, interface de fácil entendimento e intuitivo, regras claras. Gostei muito da OFP já fornecer uma mesa pronta pra operar, já financiada. Muito confiável no quesito pagamento.",

"The company system is fast and trustworthy, reliable, quality and many people recommend it.",

"Vers god prop",

"Tôi thực sự ấn tượng với OFP! Nền tảng này thân thiện với người dùng và mang đến trải nghiệm tuyệt vời cho các nhà giao dịch ở mọi cấp độ. Từ thiết lập tài khoản mượt mà đến hỗ trợ khách hàng đáng tin cậy, mọi thứ đều liền mạch. Các nguồn tài nguyên giáo dục và công cụ có sẵn giúp cải thiện chiến lược giao dịch dễ dàng. Tôi đã thấy tiến triển trong các giao dịch của mình kể từ khi tham gia và tôi đánh giá cao sự minh bạch và tính chuyên nghiệp của nhóm OFP. Tôi thực sự khuyên dùng quỹ này cho bất kỳ ai muốn đưa hành trình giao dịch của mình lên một tầm cao mới!"",

"So far during the trading experience I can say that it has a good spread quick execution and no issues so far their support is also responsive. And looking forward for a quick payout! They are very transparent in rules and reasonable policy. -Elixir0613",

"Buona prop, regole chiare e precise, ma spread troppo alti. Su indici come NQ lo spread medio è 4/5 pip, davvero tanto se si cerca precisione operativa.",

"The rules were clear and the information was in one place.",

"Nice farm to deal with",

"اعجبني شفافية حسابكم وتعاملك الجيد",

"From MICHAEL BANA ~ One of my greatest wishes in prop firm trading was to have a firm that will operate without evaluation and at the same time be trusted. OFP has met my wishes. They have very clear guidelines that reveal their sincerity, strong and professional support team and they have made their funded accounts very affordable. Their price is the BEST and I give them a big salute. Weldone OFP.",

"The company helpful funding for easy trading.",

"Thy help me to understand",

"Review of OFP Prop Firm Funding.

I recently had the opportunity to experience the platform, Overall, my time with the platform has been a mix of challenges and valuable learning.

User Experience: The onboarding process was straightforward. The website is user-friendly, with clear instructions on how to get started. I appreciated the educational resources available, which helped me understand their funding model better. The demo account allowed me to practice and refine my strategies without financial risk.

Funding Process: OFP offers a variety of funding options, which cater to different trading styles. The evaluation process was rigorous but fair. I felt that it adequately assessed my trading skills without being overly restrictive. The profit-sharing structure is attractive, with reasonable thresholds for withdrawal, which kept me motivated.

Support: Customer support has been responsive and helpful. I had a few queries during the evaluation phase, and the team was quick to provide assistance, which I found reassuring.

Challenges: Like any prop firm, there were challenges. The evaluation requirements can be daunting, and I faced pressure to meet the targets within the specified timeframe. While this can be stressful, I also see it as an opportunity to improve my trading discipline.

Conclusion: In summary, OFP Prop Firm Funding has been a rewarding experience for me as a trader. While the evaluation process is challenging, the support and resources available make it worth it. If you’re serious about trading and looking for a prop firm that offers flexibility and growth opportunities, I would recommend giving OFP a try.

~Machi Victor Chukwubuike",

"OFP is a reliable instant funding prop firm. To be success one needs to follow just some rules: Daily draw down, Total draw down and consistency rules . It allows News trade as well as trade as you like( need to follow genuine Trading strategy). You can hold your trades overnight or over the weekend no problems at all. Trader can trade having any lot in size. I am trading more then 3 years and getting paid frequently.",

"The best ever trading platform
Fast payout and instant account
Amazing 😍",

"I am honest, I have known this company since 2022, everything in life has rules and you have to be responsible for them, in the 1st account, before they had a 3-day trading rule, and that is why the account was canceled, giving up is not in my plans, I have followed the company closely in the community and its growth is impressive, a lot of innovation, it should be called TESLA Funding OFP for such obvious innovation, congratulations to the entire team.",

"I've almost given up hope about trading the forex market on a profitable bases due to my inability to raise the needed capital for average profitability. But OFP funding came through for me and they have revived my hope in the forex market based on this unique opportunity they avail everyone.
I went through their review on different social platforms and discovered that they have a very high credibility rating,and also they are about the only prop firm providing this kind of unique opportunity for traders to be profitable even with zero capital.
OFP Funding is the future of forex trading and that future is now and am glad to be a part of it .",

"Empresa transparente com regras claras e fáceis. A opção de escolher a sua mesa é maravilhosa pois te da a oportunidade de ter uma mesa de acordo com capital que você tem pra investir. O sac é rápido e tira todas as suas dúvidas. E pra mim o fato de não ter etapas pra passar é ótimo.",

"I recommend ofp ,give it a try and see for yourself what a great prop firm they are.",

"I like OFP Funding because I have many recommendations from people I know personally who have been receiving payouts. Even though I have not traded with OFP Funding, I trust them because of my friends' recommendations",

"الشركة ذات مصداقية عاليه
تاريخ الشركة قديم
بعض أصدقائي له تجرب ناجحه مع الشركة
تم سحب مبالغ مالية كبيرة",

"I’ve been trading with OFP Funding for a few months now, and overall, it’s been a positive experience. The instant funding model is a huge plus, as I didn’t have to go through evaluations or challenges, unlike many other prop firms. The payout structure is transparent, and the 40% monthly profit split is fair. I also like the flexibility they offer in terms of account sizes and trading platforms— which makes it easy to manage trades.

That said, there are some limitations, like the restrictions on using Expert Advisors (EAs) and certain strategies like hedging or arbitrage, which can be frustrating if you rely on them. Customer support has been decent, though not always prompt. Overall, OFP is a best option for experienced traders who want to avoid complex evaluations and just focus on trading.",

"I am ANDOW FREDRICK PIUS from NIGERIA.
OFP Funding raise my hope for Funding account for the fact that I will start trading without a Challenge from the very moment I subscribed. As that is not enough, OFP rules are very transparent without any hidden agender. Infact, my confidence is boosted by the numerous testimonies released by many successful Traders. Furthermore, OFP prompt response during live chat is amazing. Infact, my hope poverty alleviation is in OFP, because I will soon subscribe and start making money immediately. I can go on and on because I am so excited to have discovered OFP, and to me its the biggest miracle for me this year.",

"Me gusta mucho su soporte muy atentos los precios de su Challenger es increíble lo más importante cumplen con los pagos le doy 5 estrellas",

"This is regarding my recent concern with the account i have bought. Even though the issue is still not solve since it was related to the exchange i have used for payment but then, i really love to commend them for being responsive in their discord channel, especially, Mr. Raudell. He had addressed my concern immediately and with utmost respect.",

"I thing trader value score should be change or be remove becose it does not make sense it only benefits the firm not a trader",

"Giving a five star rate isn't to make you happy but just to remind you of the effort your team are putting to make the impossibility possible. Prompt customer service with maximum satisfaction. Thanks OFP for being so real among somany.",

"I lost my account when I was you see Trader it was very hard for me because I don't know how to use the platform I will make profit before I was I will close it",

"Someone actually told me about them so I decided to check them out and it was an experience like never before. Every Trader out looking for a good Profirm should actually go for OFP Funding.",

"Vamos adelante con esta empresa, espero continuar por muchos años con esta empresa, tener la consistencia no es fácil pero las reglas de la empresa te obligan a respetar tu plan",

"In it's way to become the best prop firm. I recommend++++",

"OFP Funding have come to set world %100 standard, required in :customer service relationship , fast and quickly response with accurate information needed .
In : transactional transparency like profit sharing after successfully trade they are %100 .
OFP Funding dashboard is secure and simple to access am speaking from experience not just from observation . Above all I would like to recommend OFP Funding to all the traders all over the world who wants to archive their dreams through financial trading this your gateway and reliable prop firm .",

"I want to share my experience with OFP funding after having worked with FTMO, InstantFundingio, TheFundedTrader and just passed Aphla Capital evaluation. Unfortunately, my experience has been extremely negative with OFPfunding.

Initially, I faced issues with the dashboard showing incorrect tvs and trades for two weeks. Although that was eventually resolved, I encountered a news straddling violation right after this was resolved. When I reached out, they provided a screenshot showing I took a trade at 14:00 CET, which was incorrect. I had taken the trade at 11:01 CET and took profit at 14:47 CET and after I sent them my screenshot, they said they would fix it.

However, the next morning, I found doubled trades and some trades that weren't mine on my dashboard. Initially, My most profitable day I made £1,207, but it had inexplicably changed to over £3,000 on their dashboard. I spoke with Blessing, who didn't initially review my screenshots, forcing me to repeat my concerns. Eventually, Blessing acknowledged the doubling of my trades. But as they worked on that issue, I logged back in to find I had violated hedge and martingale rules due to these discrepancies.

I informed Blessing, and he asked for my trade history, but I’ve never encountered such issues with FTMO or Instant Funding. The manipulation of my trades made me uncomfortable; I refuse to work with a firm that can alter my trades. I shouldn’t have to spend hours fixing their errors, so I requested a refund due to their mistakes and the loss of trust.

Additionally, I was informed by George and Raudel that they don’t follow the Forex Factory calendar but rely on Investing.com, which is filled with high and mid-impact news on a daily basis. Do they even disclose on their website that they don’t use forex factory knowing 8/10 traders use forex factory and these are nothing but facts. They indicated that trading during high-impact news could result in a violation, even if it doesn’t directly affect my instruments. In my case, they almost claimed I traded XAU/USD during a high-impact German CPI, which was incorrect as their system misreported the trade timing.

Given these issues, I decided I no longer wanted to work with OFP, as my experience has been quite concerning. I was not in drawdown, I was in profits actually this morning while I was talking to blessing I’d have £530. Blessing refused to issue a refund due to errors on their end, so I contacted my bank, which has since refunded me after I submitted all my chats with Blessing, George, and Raudel. I've never seen a reputable prop firm operate so inconsistently and manipulatively. Good luck to anyone who trades with them. I also was thinking last night since they are based in the uk let me take a drive to their office so I can show them my dashboard in person. The address that they have a an office to let anyone can buy that office as their registered address also I could not find ofp funding on companies house. Anyways I shall continue my trading journey without these lot. Also I will be doing a TikTok reviewing them because I’ve been recording my trading journey and even recorded my self while I was chatting to them last night and this morning I’m just editing the video now and putting everything including the chats with Blessing and them lot into the video.

Also when you write a review on here it warns you that OFP have strike some attention from some financial bodies. I will also be reporting them to FCA",

"After trying out several other prop firms I settled with OFP
I'm still within my first month but so far so good. Currently trying to get my inconsistency score to below 25% which i really enjoy the challenge of to get my first payout.

It's a very good prop firm and they are very transparent with everything so far.

Would definitely recommend OFP to anyone looking to trade, new or experienced traders alike",

"Well firstly their support system is fast, their accounts are affordable moreover their trading rules are clearly stated, no hidden rules",

"MUSTY ICT WIZARD

My experience with OFP is great,
I love the model of the funded account that offers as lowest price as $18.25. The dashboard is very simple to access all needed information and i love it
they have a very good Customer service that will resolve your problem as soon as possible, they are the only prop firm that have the lowest prices when purchasing an instant funding account. You can get instant funded account at $18.25 which is very interesting.
OFP is here to stay and its here to help traders to become successful.

Much love OFP funding and i believe you will make it to the top soon",

"I know a lot of friends who's working with OFP and i like their condition and terms i would like to be part of their team",

"I was pleasantly surprised with how quickly the acc details were sent to me. I like the dashboard as its simple and straightforward.",

"The only farm that give there trader second chance get double of there account (buy one and get one free)
And instant customer service 24/7 active",

"I've used OFP account for like 3 months to be sincere my trading experience has been good since I worked with them.
Though I messed up my account but still they offer real deal that anyone would be interested in.
They're really going to be a leading prop firm",

"Best prop firm
Transparent rules and regulations
Fast payout",

"Instant funding and the lowest fees for package make OFP on top of all funding platforms.
OFP approach to the Customer is very quick positive and to the point.
Some issue is there in kyc verification section as I face blur camera issue when uploading my kyc.",

"I love their simple trading rules; they want us to succeed in the market as traders and make consistent profits, not gamble like other companies. The instant funding is a great feature that helps us avoid the stress of passing each step or taking unrealistic trades that we wouldn’t even take with our own money, allowing us to make profits as usual with our trading setup.",

"I've tried a few firms -but OFP stand out. Reliable trustworthy and do what they say. After speaking to a representative recently -all my questions answered and followed up with e-mail.
Am really pleased with my decision.",

"Reliable prop firm easy to communicate financial freedom at your phase' easy rules law account fees and so much I really appreciate you guys ofp funding you're the best in the industry:",

"Best prop firm i ever used!! Huge recommend!!",

"My dream prop firm I have been waiting for.
Instant funding is what I have been waiting for not the two step verification process other prop firm have. OFP Funding is the best.
They are also the cheapest imagine you can get $5k account for just $18.25. They even offered to give me a 5% discount on the $5k account waooo amazing.
There customer service is amazing it takes less than 10 minutes for all your questions to be answered. They are very kind.",

"I recommend OFP funding for traders who do not have so much capital because OFP is just like trading a personal account considering the fact that you start trading actively from the first day and not having to go through the traditional challenge phases.",

"Serious company, payments and assistance are good.
Pretty strict rules in respect to other prop, but this is not a cons...because every REAL trader already follow those rules: they simply not allow gambling as other props do.",

"Pretty Good",

"Estoy muy contenta con esta Prop Firms cumple todo lo que dice",

"Sangat recommended banget bagi trader pro yg mau trading full time",

"The prop firm has a transparency rules and guideline that benefit both parties in the business. Their customer service and pay out are top notch. Their trading dashboard is cool. The firm is fast in execution of trade in their trading platform.",

"So far haven’t paid yet so will not give my 100% review as the last time they didn’t pay saying I was too quick to sell. They want us to wait and lose like they don’t know the Market. 🙄 So far just wasting my hard earned money in hope of getting some back to run the house.",

"El poder comprar una cuenta sin tener que pasar un challenge es de agradecer, no obstante no todo es tan sencillo como parece ya que debes cumplir con lo que antes llamaban TVS (ahora "inconsistencia"), que es algo bastante complicado se lograr ya que dependiendo del % que tengas que cumplir (15% en mi caso) significaria tener un win rate muy elevado, impidiendo con esto muchas estrategias de trading. En mi opinion, es un valor que no ayuda al trader, sino mas bien es una forma de que los clientes no realicen retiros debido a la dificultad de conseguir dicho valor (para mi es mas sencillo pasar un challenge con la estrategia que mas se adapte a uno y evitar este tipo de cuentas en la cual es muy complicado cumplir con esta regla)",

"The company workers they respond in time when you need help",

"I love that they have clear cut rules that are easy to understand and the profit split percentage is fair.
Quick payouts and I just love how there's no challenges I bought my account and started making profits.

If you're looking for larger capital to trade with without evaluations OPF is the one",

"Great Prop Firm with Instant Funding & Affordable Challenge

OFP FUNDING offers an excellent setup for traders looking for instant funding. Their challenges are affordable and structured with fair, transparent rules, making them accessible for all types of traders. The profit splits are generous and customized to fit your needs, and payouts are processed quickly and smoothly.

For anyone seeking a prop firm with fair conditions and immediate access to live capital, OFP Funding stands out as a top choice. Highly recommended!",

"I have purchased two accounts with OFP and about buying the third. The instant funding is a factor for me since I don't have to stressed myself for months trying to pass challenges.
OFP has one of the most affordable accounts in the market with innovative customisation that uses 3 parameters (mode of payment, drawdown, and size of account). The cheapest starting at $18.25.
And they also use powerful trading platforms like cTrader, Tradelocker and MatchTrader. I consider this to be a game-changer.
Their customer service agents are very responsive and quick in resolving any doubts.
The only challenge is their consistent rule you have to meet in order to receive payout. This might seem a bit complicated for new traders. But overall, I'll recommend OFP to others.",

"To get funded without challenges its makes me not to FOMO on mh trades",

"OFP has one of the best support team, they attended to my problem and fixed it in no time, am happy to trade with them.",

"This Prop firm is highly recommended, clear rules and seriousness in payments.",

"The instant funding from OFP is great for beginners and experienced traders. The customer service was really good and fast. Had an issue with an improper report of a rule violation and the customer service was really helpful to clear the improper report",

"Great company and great customer service",

"Ofp funding are a great prop firm with genuine payouts",

"I really like the payment method and the payout and the rules are very easy,there a very familya with there customer.",

"OFPFunding is one of the best prop firms out there in terms of instant funding. Be it the costs of accounts, transparency in rules, detailed dashboard or instantaneous updating through email, OFPFunding aces in all domains. Morever, I would genuinely recommend OFPFunding to the new comers in this industry. Thumbs up OFPFunding.",

"I like that they don’t have to do evaluations. Can get right into trading. Which is great if you’re an experienced trader. And they are transparent. Also their pricing is great, always are offering discounts.",

"Very good prop with interesting giveaway and communication. 5/5",

"It’s brilliant. 😊",

"I like the Instant funding offer of OFP Funding",

"Genuine prop firm",

"It is really a trustable company although I haven't received any payout yet but still everything looks very good and normal.",

"Very fast customer service. They respond to me within a minute always",

"I decided to go for an instant funded account with this company. Their rules hopefully will help me stay consistently profitable and stick to my trading rules. Quick and easy to set up an account within 1hour",

"Grazie mille Belssing per l'assistenza ricevuta, molto chiaro come sempre e preciso. Spero di arrivare al payout per poter aggiornare ulteriormente la mia recensione. Grazie",

"hi i am mustafa
i had 2 accounts with them but one of my account i make 1450$ the next day i applied for withdraw i got warnings that we can not approve the withdraw you commited gumbling you commited this and that and i told them as you calculation if my 450$ is invalid pay the rest amount and they said we do not do this second that the dashboard is scam after loss if you go there you will check that you have 300$ for 5 percent of your daily drawdown but it is not clear if you down 250$ you will receive the breached email and that time is when you scammed because they will refresh the dashboard that time please don not waste your money on this scammer firm they don not pay there is lot more good firms that i had withdraw already like equti edge trafing plus extra extra be carefull",

"Their flexibility in choosing your funding account, the great prices and the helpful customer service make me like this experience",

"I've given my previous feedback with this scam prop firm and this will be the last. Stay away from this scampany. They manipulate your trades. I've taken a screenshot of all my performances in match trader and dashboard because I am tracking my everybody profit and TVS. I was in 1 week profit already and starting my 2nd week to hit my TVS and about to withdraw the profit. I have 1 missing trade on my trading history on that day that I was looking for and true enough that they will do something fishy. They replaced my missing profit trade by a .20 lot trade and I received an email that I used a martingale strategy in which I don't change my .10 lot trade. All my trades are in .10 lot only and I am only trading XAU-USD pair. Don't be enticed with their promos as you will only waste your money. Be Aware my fellow Traders!!!",

"I am writing from the position of a "loser" after losing two accounts one after the other. However, this does not prevent me from telling the truth, because the losses were the result of my fault. OFP is an excellent company that offers its clients opportunities that no one else does. Direct financing, with competitive prices, fast execution of orders, minimal spreads and commissions and fast customer support.

I will definitely return to OFP after a "mental" break!",

"Best funding firma, easy and quick 👌",

"scam scam scam",

"Bonjour,
Je viens juste de m'inscrire chez vous et pour l'instant je n'ai aucune difficulté à me servir de ctrader qui est très fonctionnel, ainsi que le service apporté pour commencer le trading.",

"La atención y disposición de la sra Raudel para responder inquietudes es destacable.",

"Great service, wonderful support.",

"I lack consistency
ofp's TVS rule helped to make a target per day and never exceed it
taught me how important is consistent small efforts is better than big intermittent effort",

"Guys be very careful with this company, the rules are very tight and they will only let you know if you have broken one one the account is terminated rather than beforehand so you can adapt. They pulled me for hedging, which I dont do with the same pair as lots of firms dont like it. These guys class hedging in a more extreme way, eg XAUUSD Buy and EURUSD sell. It's a very harsh rule and I see no manipulation or advantage to this. I would personally go for a prob firm that wont try to trip you up. They would even give me one chance to rectify FYI, it was buy a new account only.",

"great service",

"Os he dejado varios correos con lo que me escribisteis aquí, y nadie quiere saber nada, esperando que me aburra.",

"I had a good experience with OFP Funding, they're fairs and transparent",

"The worst ever prop firm i have seen",

"You will need to make total profit of $4,757.08 while your best day profit should not exceed $570.85

Me; How am I going to make $4757 if I can’t exceed $570
😳😳😳 nah this rules gotta go it’s so confusing

Customer rep; You cannot exceed total profit of 570.85 in one single day. It more like making $560 or less till you meet the total profit value. If you make above so your total profit will increase.",

"I’m having a good Experience with OFP. Have not made any withdrawals yet due to the high TVS but will definitely go for a higher payout. Will definitely recommend OFP with friends & family members",

"THIS IS A SCAM!! They won’t mention the rules until you trying to get a payout, they will tell you a rule that you broke that never mention before, plus they are so dumb, each one of them gone tell you a different story until you realize nothing they said were true however the whole trading world need to know about them SCAMMERS until they closed their doors, with a $10,000 account I brought it up to $13,000 I requested a payout they told system is down until today 🤣🤣",

"Misinformation to make it as hard as possible to profit",

"TOTALLY A SCAMMMMM.

THEY ARE JUST MAKING PEOPLE FOOL.

THEY JUST GIVE LOW PRICES AND THEN VERY VERY STRICT RULES WHEN YOU BUT THAT ACCOUNT.

I USUALLY DO NOT EVEN LOOK AT YELLOW FOLDER NEWS AND I TRADED AT THAT TIME ACCORDING TO MY STRATEGY BUT THEY ASKED YOU BROKE THE RULE

I AM ALSO MENTIONING THIER RULES AFTER YOU BUY AN ACCOUNT.


Illegal strategies ---
3% Daily Drawdown
6% Total Drawdown
Martingale + Hedging (0/3)
Arbitrage
High Frequency Trading
Gambling
Copy Trading
News Straddling
Cross Hedging


IF YOU BREAK ANY OF ABOVE THEY WILLNOT GIVE YOU PAYOUT.

PLEASE DO NOT BUT OFP FUNDING ACCOUNTS.",

"This company is a scam. Stay away.",

"OFP is the biggest scam firm they will hunt review and give them free account so they will get free trustpilot review but bet me those gifted accounts will also blowed because this os openly a scamming firm i have blowedy 3 accounts because of hidden rules they have many glitches beware of this firm and if you are reading reviews beware of good reviews because they will get account for doing good reviews",

"It was so quick to get the Account and I'm using my favourite platform, I kept my promise of wanting $200k account I'm hoping to at least meet 50% of the account by the end of the month. I'm joking that would mean reckless trading, and I don't want to lose this account🙂",

"I spent $xxxx and 3 months with OFP only find out they do not pay! I have broken no rules at all. If less than 1 minute scalping is NOT allowed by OFP, why don't OFP scrap the scalping trade completely?! It just leave a contradictive rule to deny payout especially large payout!",

"Why can't I access your discord community",

"I so much like the educational program especially with regard to trading psychology.The instant funding and seamless withdrawal plans are quite laudable.",

"Decent experience and cost to get an account is fair, overall a great broker.",

"The Explanation of the Rules was very Okay and the response from Customers service is very Okay.
And the Instant Funding Account makes the all things excited.",

"OFP has been quick to respond on any of my query. I've received my credentials to any of the package bought almost instantly",

"Belle application et bonne propfirm. Je n’ai Pas encore fait de retrait mais pour l’heure tout se passe bien. Cependant je n’arrive pas a tchater et envoyer des message dans discord",

"Senior upcoming forex trader
Conducting in depth market analysis and research to identify investment opportunities. Executed trade based on market trend and investment strategies resulting in a
1. Performed daily analysis of global financial market to identify potential trade opportunities.
2. Execute trade using technical and fundamental analysis to optimize investment outcomes.
3. Develop and implemented risk management strategy to protect investment and minimised losses.
4. Collaborated with research team to evaluate market trend and investment opportunities.
5. Utilised advance trading software to monitor portfolio performance and adjust trading strategies",

"CUSTOMISABLE INDEED!
After some challenges with many stingy brokers, I decided to switch to profirm of which I will be funded and trade on their capital with my little fee.
I spent times searching for my desired and reliable pro firm to begin with but still no avail until I came across ofp funding at social media where stopped and looked to find out that my problems have already solved at once! No need to go further!!
I found out that traders have all their rights to customize their account by choosing the size (from 5k to 200k), the Daily Drawdown, the Profit split, the Payout( Monthly,Bi weekly,On demand), and currency by themselves.
Lifelong accounts without any profit targets to get payout or any challenges to passed! Unlike other profirms of which you must have to pass 2 up to 4 difference phases to be funded.
Lowest price package ever! As low as $18 for 5k account to begin with!!...
And many more to mention!!!",

"OFP provides a unique opportunity for true and instant funding without any need of challenges. They set clear rules and guidelines but are also open to client feedback and suggestions. I really like the flexible pricing on customizable trading parameters. I failed my initial attempt with OFP but they have provided good feedback which confirmed my own trade analysis. I wish to trade with them again soon and leave another review as I hopefully make my first payout.",

"OFP have a good and competitive prices. Their dashboard is user friendly and easy to navigate. I like the fact that they explain their rules, showing good transparency. Their transparency on Discord is very nice as they keep communication lines open and very responsive to clients' query and concerns.
I trust OFP.",

"Faster withdraw and easy interface",

"شركه جيده بالتوفيق لكم ومذيد من التقدم والنجاح المستمر",

"Escuche que contratan personal para trabajar en su empresa, asi podré aplicar mis conocimientos y experiencias en el rubro.",

"I love this propfirm because it’s different than the ofthers.. they have instant fundings accounts which is very great if you don’t to pass a challenge, the price is very very cheap, fast payout.. I like the options that you can choose your rules like 3%, 4%, 5% RR, monthly payements, biweekly and on demand (the best).

I higly recommand this propfirm for any budget 👍",

"This site is so incredible I was lucky to have found it on the social network",

"I am disappointed with my experience at OFP Funding. After trading normally, the company waited until the last week before I could withdraw my profits to falsely accuse me of using a prohibited strategy.

Additionally, as an Arabian/African trader, I’ve experienced long delays in responses, with support often being unresponsive entirely. This selective and unprofessional treatment has seriously affected my trust in the company, and I do not recommend working with them.",

"The approach to resolving issues in record time.",

"no waste time with challenge ( often short ) periods who push you to increase the risk and more likely to fall",

"Good experience",

"Everything seems simple afective and easy to understand wit",

"It is good but waiting for my withdraw as I trust them and hope they will not break my trust",

"This broker is the only broker I fully trust and have best educational guide for beginners, if you are a beginner like me,this is the broker you need to become a expert fx trader",

"The price is great and affordable and the interface is just sweet and easy to navigate and transaction and fast and straightforward I just love the OFP prop firm.",

"Prop firm OFP funding, good with instant funding program. With good supportive customer service include their discord. With many giveaway opportunities.",

"The customer service is fast and responsive.
What i dont like from OFP is that the trading rule make a student like me less likely to invest 🥲",

"OFP has great customer service, helping me deal with issues I faced recently. The dashboard is fixed so that it is easy to read. Will be buying from them again soon.",

"OFPFunding has a great platform, easy to use, great to track your trades and the system they use improves you as a trader and manages the risk very well, it can kill some bad habits for sure! I recommend them for prop firm trading!",

"Very good experince",

"Most have the doubt and feel insecure to take risk in life. Well try this as I have before and still do which guarantee the fruits at the end with victory ✌️",

"OFP uses a platform I’m very comfortable with, and their instant trading options are very affordable.

cashmere08",

"I really like the pricing and the platform options. Not a fan of the TVS rule but understand why it's there. Ofp is one of my favorite firms to trade with and will continue to trade with in the future.",

"Ótima empresa,dashboard muito dinâmico com todas as informações relevantes para o gerenciamento das operações diariamente,uma coisa top foi a expectativa saque mediante o lucro do dia,suporte rápido e no idioma do cliente,recomendo....",

"All good! The terms were met, and the user got what they needed",

"Every time I reach out with an issue or concern I am met with professionalism and care with my situation. Blessing has been just that, a Blessing.",

"SCAM PROP. They are always have a reason to deny your payouts.",

"This is good platform that offers instant funded account this is amazing offer for the whole www traders and they have strong support team with most fastest reply and they have beautiful dashboard and is easy to operate and work peacefully am advertising everyone to use this to avoid frustrating for phase one and two just purchased and get instant funded account",

"so they had this big promotion going, i think it was Black Friday...so i went big...and went home, afterwards...(if you can figure out what that means).
anyhow, this review is about OFP, not me.
they are trying to protect their capital under the rules guiding 'safe trading'...maybe, they should make it written in stone - so everyone knows...
i like to gamble. and that's a big problem. anyhow.
they need to make the system less subjective - leave that for the clients to self-implode.",

"Instruments for threading which is available in platform. Follow up to the customers to make sure they are up and doing. The challenge the payment method is not fast.",

"Instant funding opportunities at low prices and for all classes of people are offered by OFP Funding. Many of my friends and relations are trading with OFP Funding and are very satisfied with the services offered which are top notch.

Emmaeze26",

"Hasta ahora me gusta el conceto de cuenta de por vida; permito gestionar la cuenta tranquilamente.",

"Honestly and truth, keep on success always achieve",

"Knowledge made me more experienced in the forex market, the deaper I go in to it the brighter it becomes...
The company is doing the biggest favor to all forex trader around the world.",

"I believe OFP is one of the most reputable firms with the most transparent and straightforward terms and conditions. This helps traders understand the firm's rules and regulations clearly.
Secondly, one of my most stressful experiences in trading with other proprietary firms was the series of challenges a trader must pass through before their account can be funded. This experience was highly challenging for me. A firm like OFP, with a single payout system, would enable me to scale my account over a long period without facing such challenges.",

"Tienen toda la información simplificada y de fácil visualización,es muy práctica a la hora de que yo necesite revisar la información del historial,desarrollo y conclusión de mis operaciones ..",

"Better back with old ways, the rule is hardly follow",

"I like how OFP gives you the ability to choose how you would like to set the criteria of your challenge to where its affordable and still reasonable. Their customer support response time is pretty fast and reliable. They are very helpful and will assist you in various ways and take care of any issues that may arise. Would definitely recommend if you want the instant funding , remember its not a sprint but a marathon. Take your time and build with them and they’ll take good care of you.",

"By helping people financially to start trading",

"I was attracted to OFP because of its unique funding model which I consider the best and most affordable in the industry. However there is still a room for improvement. I noticed a little setback in the dashboard. There seems to be no proper way to track individual trading on the dashboard.For example, I breached my last account the very first day I started trading the account but the the account admin seemed unaware, as I was allowed to continue trading until after more than a week, when the account was far, far in drawdown. Other Propfirms have facilities in place that detect breach immediately, and disable such trading account promptly. Even as I write this review, I still have access to the account, more than two weeks after it had been breached. I suggest that you people should see to this, so that OFP would be taken more seriously.
Again, I was expecting a real live account but was surprised that the account is a demo account in spite of being called instant funding. I think somebody should give explanation on this.
But in all, I consider OFP a very good Proprietary Firm capable of taking the business to a greater height.",

"First of all, OFP treats inquiries with dispatch, no matter how trivial it may appear. My inquiry about whether Metatrader 5 was one of their platforms was responded to within minutes and with dignity. Furthermore, I find their instant funded account offering to be most competitive in the industry. In my view, they also have the most comfortable rules. I find only the TVS rule to be a little worrisome. While it's true that they must take steps to protect the funds from being blown and are 100% justified in doing so, they should, however, keep in mind that profit payout is at the soul of this prop firm business, and should therefore look into making some adjustments on the rule, e.g. increasing the percentage metrics to between 30% and 35%, or stipulating the maximum percentage of account balance that can be risked on each trade. OFP is a listening Company and, based on past reviews I saw, I believe they will do something about this.",

"Instant funding account, lets you focus on goals. Easy to manage, easy to start an account, 24/7 support.

Love how the TVS challenges you to constant and disciplined trading.",

"Good assistant from George, frankly very fast and vlair for all these questions, I highly recommend this propfirm.",

"Nokulunga
It's has great educational resourses",

"Prompt and courteous customer service. Competitive pricing on the Prop trading accounts and easy to comprehend draw done rules.",

"I would give 5 star if there was no 25% one trade rule but aside from that rule no doubt OFP is one of prominent firm in the industry. No other instant funding firm can compete OFP when it comes to customer service, fast payout and overall.
I would strongly suggest to everyone that OFP can be your reliable financial partner.",

"Instant funding is always the way to go...",

"I love it, love customer service ofp got and the trading mechanism ofp use on pricing and trading opportunities with funded accounts and I love that I can fix my own pricing with demand payment I love it all the best and thank you give yall a 10 out of 10",

"I have been searching for instant funding account for the past months until I come across OFP funding firm. Honestly speaking, they are the best prop firm ever. Others prop firm are fast but OFP funding are faster.",

"I liked ofp funding, it was a company that caught my attention, as it didn't need to be tested, you already have real capital.",

"Legit prop firm, fast payment and instant account",

"Fast payouts, accounts customization and TVS rule (which is crucial for self discipline) are the best features above all prop industry.",

"Competitive prices
On demand and fastest payouts
Instant funding
Easiest trading conditions",

"The easy way in which the platform self explains; it is easy to get a challenge and the fact that is instantly funded is definitely a plus. They look for ways to add more trading platforms and make it even better for us traders.",

"I have no experience with it so far but I hope that will change soon for the best",

"Personalmente la gente dice que es estafa porque es demasiado bueno para ser verdad, en cuanto a los precios, pero el hecho de ofrecer este modelo de negocio hace que cualquier trader se fije en esta empresa, espero ganar el sorteo y dejarles una mejor reseña, más sincera, y espero que más positiva sobre el proceso de fondeo con ustedes",

"So geart fast support and Withdraw Theresa 4 method of payout 26 ,40,60,80 and this thing is rare on other commpanies",

"Fair rules, good communication and fair prices, especially with promotions.

I like this prop firm, because I don't know many which have such a good instant funded offer like these ☺️",

"Je suis trader pour cette compagnie, je n'ai pas encore de première paie mais cela est en chemin. j'ai récemment eu un problème avec leur serveur qui ma déclaré tricheur mais cela était une erreur et je le savait, j'ai donc contacter le service technique qui mon gentiment aider a régler la situation a laide de preuve et ta dam, ils ont réactivé mon compte !",

"trading rules are little bit tricky but if we trade seriously we can achieve our target easily. Platform is good, everything is mentioned clearly and what types of mistakes we are doing that are given with prove in the platform so we can understand about our fault. We need to trade with discipline not with gambling mentality.

overall this is the best platform for instant funding.",

"I love everything about this prop firm. Especially the no-challenge account. Direct funding. What I would like to see is static drawdown and a higher TVS percentage rule",

"Oft is an amazing prop firm.

John leach",

"If you are just starting up trading with prop firms, there are two important things you need to help you succeed with speed. 1. Getting funded without any challenges with are designed by other prop firms to make you fail and, 2. the opportunity to cashout daily without restriction. To be honest, OFP has some strict rules, but those rules are in fact designed to make you even a better trade. Because, if you follow the rules, it will help you become a disciplined trade.",

"Thanks for allowing me the opportunity to join your funding program. The OFP website is very user friendly and informative and allowed me to decide quickly that I wanted to be part of this program once I reviewed the trading tools and guidelines.
Moreover, the help desk was patient and understanding with the questions I asked and did not rush me into making a decision to join. I would highly recommend this program to any trader willing to achieve financial independence and self growth.",

"Gosto muito do modelo instant fund deles, regras claras, respostas rapidas do support alem de canais de apoio.

Recomendo e uso",

"Customer service is very accommodative and execution of trade no problem..

I highly recommend this Property Firm",

"OFP Funding is creating a great revolution in funding firms. They allow flexibility in choosing the drawdown limit, payout timings, and profit dividend in their instant funding options. Their customer support is also solid. I'm currently purchasing an account and giving them 4 stars for now. Once I'm satisfied with their payout system and other trading conditions, I'll upgrade it to 5 stars. I’ll provide an update after some payouts.",

"Me gusta mucho la posibilidad de que puedas obtener una cuenta fondeada de inicio... la lastima es que no he podido consolidar unos beneficios que me lleven a poder hacer mi primer retiro... pero seguiré intentándolo porque me parece muy buena compañía, además de poseer un excelente servicio al cliente",

"I have found Trustpilot helpful in making informed decisions about services and products. The transparency and genuine feedback from real customers make it a go-to for me when I am considering a purchase. It is highly recommended.",

"Otp funding provides the instant funding model which is really great ,We don't need to go through multiple evaluation process. OFP has just one time payment for all the instant finding accounts which is also very great were we don't need to pay any monthly subscriptions. Their drawdown rules are simple. I am planning to join with them in near future.",

"This prop firm company is a reliable one and the payment process is quite fast.",

"The only prop that offers instant funding with 80% profit share and payout on demand",

"They seem interested in improving and reviewing customer experience",

"Their customer support is very fast and respondive which keeps them on top as a funded prop firm. It would be good if they give discpunt coupons frequently as this would give great chances to traders with less capital. Giveaways on accounts should be considered as well as competitions to empower traders.",

"i've purchased 5k instant funding account at just 46.24$. You can compare it with other prop firms, OFP Funding is way more cheaper then them and plus point you get instant real money to trade. Most i like about OFP Funding is that you can customize your order. i've been trading on 5k account for quite a time and the spreads are very low and you get filled at your desired price. I am giving them 4 stars because one thing i don't like is Trader Value Score because of TVS in my case i have to make around 700$ in order to redeem because my TVS is 15%. I use 1:2 risk to reward and risk 50$ per trade.
About there support team i have to tell you they are great i mean within 2 or 3 hours or sometimes instantly they will get back to you and solve your queries.
Overall OFP Funding is very good and genuine Prop Firm",

"What make my experience is that becos OFP is funded account with no challenges it's really helpful to small traders like us,God bless you with that",

"After first week with OFP and TradeLocker there appears to be a disconnect. OFP sends me the login credentials, TradeLocker then denies me a way to use the log in credentials.
I highly recommend finding a trading platform that you can build your own funds, and not believe the BS that you are actually given access to someone elses money. I highly recommend staying away from both platforms.",

"I love OFP FUNDING trading platform do you have so many options to win and you get to get paid out quicker than any other perform out there",

"Instant funding without challenges to pass
Afford accounts of preferred choices",

"i love that it is instant funding and that you can build your own account

i do think they can structure the EV abit better or more favourable for the traders,. but overall great prop firm",

"Instant funding model AT THE BEST PRICES
No challenges required
VERY FAST SERVICE DELIVERY AND QUICK CUSTOMER CARE",

"maximum professionalism and fast payments",

"The customer support team are very polite and professional when handling clients complaints. The interval of responds is very fast.",

"I’ve had a great experience with OFP Trading Prop Firm. Their platform is user-friendly, and the trading conditions are fair and transparent.",

"Given the opportunity to select account types which are Taylor made to fit my budget, drawdown and profit share is one of the ultimate advantages that OFP provides, I think OFP OFFERS THE BEST PRICES FOR INSTANT FUNDING in the prop industry full stop.",

"The profit share % is too low low that's why I'm giving it 2 star and I hope the payout doesn't be a problem with delays apart from that they are good company",

"Although the rules are a bit strict, I think it can actually serve as a stepping stone to build consistency in the long run. I’m looking forward to achieving great things with OFP!",

"The Instant Funding model with no time limits is a highly attractive feature of this prop firm, as it removes the psychological stress associated with traditional challenges. The pricing model is excellent, particularly for traders from developing countries. I would compare the flexibility this firm offers to trading your own money but with the added benefit of increased capital.",

"*5/5 Stars:Excellent Experience*
"Easy model is really awesome! The dashboard is very user-friendly, the support team is quickly responsive, and the Discord community is super supportive."
*5/5 Stars - Outstanding Service*
"Model surpasses set standards, dashboard is simple to understand, and support team are expert. Discord community is welcoming and handy."
*5/5 Stars - Seamless Experience*
"No problem with challenge-free model. The navigation of the dashboard is straightforward, the support team is professional, and the Discord community is perfect."
Or, focusing on specific aspects:
*5/5 Stars - Great Support*
"The support team is responsive, knowledgeable, and they render assistance. Problems were fixed pretty soon!"
*5/5 Stars - User-Friendly Dashboard*
"Dashboard is systematic and there are several options available, and it works well. I am absolutely in a vogue with it!"
*5/5 Stars - Supportive Community*
"Discord community is welcoming, informative, and it is also an attractive place to be. Great resource!"",

"Started Using OFP Funding.
I think this a very good option to start funding trading.
Prices are very great.",

"When I used you trading platform,It was beautiful and yours support team is excellent when I was asking about any help immediately I was attended.",

"OFP have stood the test of time and prove themselves as a reliable and trader friendly prop firm, competitive prices and fast payout",

"competitive prices For the Funded accounts and top customer service support",

"You are confident, I wish you success 🤲❤️",

"Ok these are my reviews
Likes!
1. I like the opportunity to be funded straight away.. honestly nothing beats that.
2.the dashboard is user friendly
3. I like the economic calendar
Dislike!
1. Over pricing. Personally I feel most traders may not be able to afford a reasonable account size considering the price tags.
2. I see no need for that currency stuff there.
3. No challenge rules on the dashboard to guide traders actions in order not to blow their accounts.

Further Improvements Suggestions

1. Consider offering tiered pricing or more flexible account size options to make the service more accessible to a wider range of traders.
2. Simplify the currency feature or remove it altogether to avoid confusion and streamline the user experience.
3. Introduce challenge rules or guidelines on the dashboard to educate traders on risk management and responsible trading practices. This could include:
- Risk/reward ratio tracking
- Stop-loss and take-profit alerts
- Account balance monitoring and alerts
- Trading strategy templates or resources
- Educational content and webinars on risk management and trading best practices
by checking these areas, the platform can become more user-friendly, affordable, and supportive of traders' success.
Thanks you.",

"OFP Funding has affordable pricing which surprised me due to its convenience. Furthermore, they also provide promotional offers consistently, further providing support to those traders who need them extra dollars. I personally recommend this prop firm as having the potential to change the game.",

"I have recommended OFP to a lot of traders, this is because their pricing is so fair and Affordable for an instant funded account, couple with the fact that you can even set the terms and conditions to suit your budget while purchasing an account. They are just the best.",

"Best platform",

"The trauma of evaluation phases is no longer exist here at OFP funding. Imagine the effort and time wasted during evaluation and subsequent failure before one even get funded. That is why OFP is the answer for every aspiring funded trader.",

"The platform itself is very clear to understand.
The supportive team responds quickly and clearly to questions.
It is indeed great to see a platform with the lowest fee for registration.
However,I would have loved they included CTrader & Matchtrade to the trading platforms.",

"I appreciate the propfirm since no challenge needed, and even the platform used, it will be awsome to start with them",

"I like the platform support and all just the rules seem quite difficult to match and receive a payout",

"OFP funding is the best prop firm with no challenges to pass and most important in this firm I can withdrawal up on requests (whenever I want ) .",

"I like the genuine price for each challenge and flexibility in the different challenges. The instant funding program is really helpful.",

"Instant funding without any challenges
Just proof that we can consistently make profit",

"One of the leading prop firms out there you just need to understand the rules
They usually make good offers too",

"Best prop firm respectful customer support offers some of the best leverages than other prop firms",

"Es una plataforma muy sencilla de operar el soporte es muy bueno",

"I was scared at first because there was a problem with their dashboard system but after a long process I got my first payout. So I can proudly say that they are legit.

They need to shorten the process though.",

"I love OFP funding much love,even the support team are too fast to help thank you OFP",

"They will do ANYTHING to avoid paying you. RUN away from them.",

"Ofp funding is good for traders who don't want to waste time with challenges",

"transparency",

"It's great. I got a free account from OFP and was very enthusiastically supported. I'm so happy, when I get payout I will share the joy with everyone.",

"This is the worst company that i had worked with, even the attractives prices, but rules are so difficult and not realistic i don't recommended this company at all",

"Ottimo team ho avuto dei dubbi e sono stati velocissimi a contattarmi e rispondere a tutte le domande che avevo complimenti continuate così ottimo sito consigliatissimo 🤙✅",

"Pour le moment rien à dire, très satisfait",

"If you have free money to throw around, go help the unfortunate.. but dont spend a dime on this firm.
They "came" up with this TVS rule.. And they dont even know it works. First the cust. servi. told me the TVS must be 25% for me to ask for a payout, then she said ohh.. it must be below than 25%... Total BS!

Thank God, I came across with the reviews and didnt let them scam me too..",

"very helpful and effective assistance.",

"Their customer support never give a clear answer , they keep going in circles to avoid answering serious questions",

"Stay away, especially if you’re a swing trader. Theyve got a crazy score metrics that punishes you for being too profitable. They literally tie your hands with a metric score that helps them to not pay out. Horrible company.",

"Lasciate perdere
Trovano il modo di non pagarti con qualche violazione assurda come martingala
Non si possono aprire due posizioni della stessa size nella stessa direzione
Assurdo
Senza avvisarti di bloccano l account
Solita prop di m….",

"Just a easy complaine why everybody should avoid a scam company like OFP.

I had 2 account.
One account get payout rejected (24k) because of news straddling- im fine with that. Rule is rule and I make a violation.
But
My other account that had payout day get also violated and do you know why?
Read carefuly.

3 of 150 trades was closed after 5-10 min but I get my 15k profit rejected because of thoose 3 trades was in small profit.
We talk about 30-50$ in profit .

How can OFP reject that payout?

Their discord also goes crazy.
8of10 trader did not get their payout and for those who get payout is small payout like 500-1000 $ in profit.

Yöur money your choise.
I made a misstake and buy account.
Dont make that misstake as me

As answer to ofp reply

My dashboard was clear and suddenly i get a gambling tagg on my payout day.
Ofp think im gambling when I took 2-3 trades with small profit

You guys want to discuss but block me for 7days because of i write how that can be possible.
I was not rude and I was very friendly when I write on discord to your support how this can be possible and why my payout get rejected And without any response or help you guys block me for 7 days and now wrote on trustpilot to take this discuss forward.
This is crazy

Second update.
When I was writing for my rights that blocking from discord its not okay they totally remove me from discord 🤣",

"le service clientel OFP sont très très disponible;et vraiment allez y vister leur site si vous etes un trader cherchant un financement direct c est bien de passer par OFP",

"From the begginning i trust ofp .. support very helpful",

"I came across some platforms that offers Funded accounts, but OFP is the Best on every aspect! The platforms they are using, like cTrader! The price is unbeatable and also the Support team is very professional and helpful, the last time I reached to them!
If you need a Fully funded account, no wasting time on challenges, I Highly recommend OFP Funding!",

"Legit funding, easy and cheap. payouts are fast",

"I genuinely appreciate OPF's innovative rules, which set them apart. Trading conditions, spreads, executions is excellent too, No complains. However, my experience with their support team and technical aspects has been less impressive.

1. Inconsistent Support and Lack of Clear Guidelines:

Interacting with the support team on Discord has been frustrating due to inconsistent replies and differing understandings of the rules among team members. It seems they lack proper training to ensure unified responses.

2. Technical Issues and Erroneous Violations:

The technical aspects of OPF's platform have been plagued by glitches. I received a violation marked as 'Hedging' due to a technical error. Upon investigating my CTrader orders (DID568743 and DID567712), I found:
The opening times were different, despite OPF's software showing them as the same.
A third trade was incorrectly flagged, which the support team acknowledged as a technical error.
The two remaining trades were not resolved, despite clear discrepancies.
All three trades were assigned the same ticket and trade open time on OPF's dashboard, highlighting a significant technical flaw.

3. Unresolved Issues and Concerns
It's been over two weeks since I reported this issue, and the support team has yet to resolve it. The lack of a clear support ticket system and follow-up on unresolved queries is concerning.

Conclusion:
While I appreciate OPF's innovative approach, their support and technical aspects need improvement. I hope they address these issues to provide a seamless experience for their users.

I'm giving OPF a 3-star rating based on my current experience. However, I'm willing to revise it to 5 stars and beyond if they address the following areas:

> Resolve the technical issue that led to the incorrect 'Hedging' violation
> Unify the support team's understanding and responses to ensure consistency
> Maintain a smooth payout process without any bad surprises.

Once these improvements are made, I believe OPF has the potential to excel and provide an exceptional experience for its users. I'm looking forward to revising my review and acknowledging their efforts to address these areas.",

"I've seen their add on Instagram I was actually surprised about their funded accounts and their pricing . but I haven't bought any funded account from them maybe in future I'll buy.",

"Value for money! 1:100 leverage!The best prices in the industry for instant funding!",

"The customer support was quite friendly, the support experience I had on the discord platform was great, friendly, and very accommodating. They were even aware of the problem traders are facing before I even ask them about it.",

"Giving out direct finding to experienced traders without without setting them back to the level of new traders by of OFP is a laudable and commendable effort. This act instills more success confident in traders.",

"I have passed many challenges to get funded. But what is great with OFP is tgat there is no lengthy challenge so you can be earning from day one.

Aslong as you are a consistent trader OFP is the only funded account you will need.",

"OFP is good company. provide funded account with cheap prize but yeah it has TVS rule. but it is what it is. you got funded straight away brooo.",

"Support rapide et efficace. Choix de compte selon votre budget et vos capacités.mais mon problème c'est que ne suis pas habitué au ctrader .En plus tvs de 30% sera plus encourageant.",

"It's not possible to get payout with this prop firm, stupid TVS rule only allows to chase your tail !!!. You have to close your running profit positions because your daily target increase with minimum payout amount !!!
There is better prop firms for better price in the market !!!
AVOID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",

"Im writing this at very early stages as only had the platform for one working day. However so far everything has been very efficient and easy to navigate. The rules seem straight forward, the trade platform easy to navigate and the dashboard tells you everything you need to know.


I’ve contacted customer service a few times as needed some clarification on a few points and they came back to me literally within 2 minutes and cleared everything up.

Will write another review further down the line, maybe when I try to withdraw some profits to see how efficient they are. However for now all great !",

"OFP is very useful platform to make money through trading",

"The great deals that the company offers were very excellent and the trading account that are sold are sold at a good price",

"Scammers ! The plateform didn't show your situation . And support team didn't understand the domain and they are very slow",

"Was a sceptical at first but surprisingly these guys are doing an amazing job for traders, payouts are on time, customer service response is quick. The rules are also easy to understand. The pricing is so reasonable compared to other prop firms.Give them a chance but pay attention to their TVS rule!!",

"1. The online support staff at OFP are incredibly helpful and supportive. Their positive attitude and patience allow for a sense of security in dealing with this firm.
2. OFP offers a variety of funding options to suit different needs and risk tolerances. It is easy to find a program that aligns with traders' goals.
3. I am impressed with the transparency of OFP's terms and conditions. The program rules are clearly outlined, and there were no hidden fees or unexpected charges.
4. The Max Trader Value Score helps to define a trader from a gambler. This is one of the best innovations in the prop firm space and OFP has been instrumental in its creation.
5. OFP's longevity in the prop firm industry is also an important thing to consider at a time when many prop firms are either closing shop or coming in without clearly defined strategies.
6. Even though OFP has been in the market for a long time, they continue to provide amazing discounts and giveaway prizes on a very regular basis.
7. If there is one thing I would personally like OFP to consider, that would be to create a program that has a maximum static drawdown without the daily drawdown option and a quick scaling system where the account can be doubled after achieving a profit target of 10%.

All in all, I would recommend OFP without any hesitation and hope they carry on being the flag bearers of the Instant Funding Prop Firm Industry.",

"Best prop firm without any challenges they give payputs on time and their support team is very supportive to their clients Probably the best prop firm in the world",

"So according to OFP rules, if the market suddenly goes against you, you must not close the trade so as not to appear as though you are gambling? Even if it takes your daily limit, you must allow it play out? Strange rules.

OFP responses keeps emphasizing fairness to all traders. How does my trading strategy negatively impact others traders? I don't understand this system. Can you please clarify?",

"OFP Funding support team so far so good is okay and the other rules are on point too . What I don't like about the prop firm are it Trader value Score rules . I think it will be better if they can say, for example on the 5k account "Once you reach $100 - $ 1000 on your on demand pay model you can be able make a payout anytime you want". In that way we would be able to trade and withdraw freely.",

"Una buena y rápida respuesta a mi problem",

"OFP is the best",

"Open to criticism and views/requests of customers. Recently, OFP removed the gambling rule on traders request. I liked this.
Customer support is very good and quick in resolving issues.",

"for me it's good there's no complaints from me",

"The service of OFP is very good. Fast answers, friendly communication and helpfull. Gives all informations, which are needed.",

"The company is great, their support is helpful and fast, and they do not deny payouts.",

"Great Instant Funding prop firm. I took advantage of a sizable discount on a £200k account and am pleased to have seen management and support explain to their clients the impact of some rules that they have in place. I am pleased that management listens, clarifies or updates rules e.g. with regard to gambling behavior where suitable. If you do your due diligence and have patience with your results you can see that with a clear consistent strategy that the present rules are reasonable and you will receive a payout when in profit and the criteria are met. I haven't received a payout yet but am confident I will in future.",

"The very first time I had issue. I have to contact their services for consultation and I was attended in a good manner and I receive the answer to the questions am looking for

From ADU OMOBAYODE EMMANUEL",

"The support was great even though i lost the challenge due to hedging.

Understand the mistake and carrying on with the new account",

"My experience with OFP finding is amazing, I’m glad this company exists ,for the people make money just getting the account",

"I'm delighted to share what i've experienced from OFP, concerning customer support center i assure u they got the best feed back ever no delay keep it off.",

"The company has transparency in dealing with customers. It actually happened to me before that one of the specialists impersonated the name of the company manager and contacted me. I informed the company and they took the necessary action against this fraudster. The company",

"sangat membantu sekali untuk para trader pemula seperti saya.",

"I'm enjoying this profirm no any problems. The spread of their broker is normal.",

"Fraud company rejected my 4341usd payout without any reason be aware guys",

"A very good company. They pay to my my profit when I don’t brake any rules.
I get paid around 8 months until now.
They late some months but they pay.",

"Although I have been trading positively in the heavily advertised 200K account for several weeks, I received a message today (only after explicitly asking for it!) that my account has been suspended because I allegedly used hedging. So here, every opportunity is deliberately used to avoid payouts and, above all, to conceal the fact that one has allegedly not complied with any rules. So people, keep your hands off such companies and stick to the big ones that can keep their promises and not just collect your money!",

"I honestly have no experience with OFP but I am sure they are fabulous!!",

"SCAM SCAM SCAM
Do not falll into the trap the rules are hard for a start. So set up to fail, the support staff or different names every few hours they all tell you different things and oftern there advice leads you to fail then the back track and say its tuff you should know your account and our rules. You ask if you are doing everything to stay with there rules so you can get a payout and all they say is they cannot review the account, its only done on the review day and will not look at it early. If a prop firm will not do all that and check your on the right lines its definitelya scam. I've had chats removed deleted ect that say I can do something and then it's cause it to fail so they deleted the chat so they don't have to take responsibility. Yeah they will come on here now and say my account branched yeah I went 7usd over the 3k daily limit but my dashboard was playing up today and wouldn't moved to tell me how much of lost on my daily so it breached by 7usd but when the dashboard wasn't working and I kept telling them all day they did nothing. All these reviews that are positive are probably fake and bought so be careful guys! There's a hell of a lot more they will come on and say I breached yeah I did but they will never payout they like to say it wasn't real strategies and it was gambling so not paying out. It sounds good but like the say if it sounds like free cheese its probably a mouse trap.


In response to your response what a load of rubbish about the dashboards updating I kept telling support its not updated or moving my daily loss just said I still had 3k when I knew I wouldn't because I close some trades early however the dashboard was updating apart from that section the section which is most important so trades can see I also have evidence of this with time frames your pretty much say the same response to peoples review and say all your stuff updates regular however it didn't that day. If you are not a scam company why do you hide behind the keyboard and not answer a phone!!


Also everyone who has had a bad experience with this company can you make sure you write a review if you haven't to warn others from these scammers so no one fall into the cheese trap!!

I've heard FTMO are a good prop firm to use. 👍",

"Starting with how long OFP have been shows that they are here to stay. Then giving funded accounts is so interesting with the options of withdrawal percentages making the fee which is really a big deals for use in Nigeria . now i can get funded with as low as 18 dollars.",

"OFP has the best accounts that anyone can Offord.",

"Best and Awosome platform must buy challenge and instunt funding program .",

"Muy buena 👍👍",

"las reglas son claras desde el principio, tu eliges las reglas con las que quieres hacer tu cuenta. y en la plataforma te dice que te hace falta para retirar.",

"To be sincere, I don't like the TVS thing. It limits the way I trade and how much profit I make. I was on my way to payout only for a bad trade to take my TVS back to 100% and I eventually lost the account. I'd suggest that the TVS should be raised to 50% for all types of accounts.",

"AVOID ITS SCAM

I got reply that I violated 2 mins rule there is no such rule on Trading rules
I have received email that my account is violoated On the website rules says if you violate this more than 3 times then you account is suspended . So why my account is suspended and I have been denied the payout 2 times now . I have earned more thn 8% in profit for my 25K account

Martingale+hedging (0/3): Martingale involves initiating a larger position in either direction to the original one after experiencing a loss or while the initial position remains open. Hedging, which involves opening opposing positions on the same asset, undermines fair trading and disrupts the integrity of our platform.
Failure to adhere to this rule 3 times will result in the closure of your account.

Even last time I din't use any prohibited strategy still you denied me payout saying you dint like my way of trading . This is blatant scam and I am being denied payout even after putting hard work for a month",

"I bought an account and traded at OFP. Everything is fine. Customer service is very convenient. Dashboard is easy to use. I haven't reached the payout stage yet, so I won't talk about that part. What I like about OFP is that you can get a funded account without having to pass the challenge. And the price is not too high, so it is convenient. TVS is a bit annoying, but this makes me control my greed. All in all, I think OFP is a prop firm that traders should choose.",

"The prop firm has 2 trading platforms which match and C trader i chose match trader it was fast and accurate in excutions the support time were help ful and polit i enjoyed it for real",

"From the friendly prices set to create an inclusive environment to all traders to the well laid out Web page display that makes easy navigating all the search users may have. The customer care response is good enough. And the trading platforms in use are good (Love to see Mt5 added). Trading rules and prohibitions are fair and protective especially for new traders although some trades may argue this. The one area i cant speak on is a pay-out cause i haven't had one yet. However in all other parts I've seen so far. I give credit to this prop. Might appear new but does feel worth it.",

"Even though you are not expirence, or you are beginners traders, OFP is what will make you successful because they have no challenge that waste your time and blown your money.

Joshua Erikefe Godman",

"For the trader who tried a lot in other fund but failed because stupid rule, the OFP fund give you a chance to manage as it your money from the beginning. It give you the possibilities to take the risk as beginning and owner business of yourselves.",

"A trustworthy funding firm. I only had good experience till now with them. Customer service is quick, and they actually help resolve your issue or answer any questions you could have. Highly recommend",

"Prop firm with hidden rules.

They litterally have hidden rules so they can decline your payouts. on their discord everyday there is a innocent hard working trader losing their hard earned time with this prop firm.
There is a hidden rule that is not stated anywhere on the platform. Not on their official site or rules, not on their social media, not on their discord. but the rule still applies. For instance I have great entry points on my trades. So i leave a trade in less than 40 - 50 seconds. If you close a trade under a minute even if its one trade and its not in profit then you will automatically be disqualified from payouts and they wont let you know that even if you ask until the day of your payouts. meaning they will willingly continue wasting your time.

This trading strategy is repplicable in the real market and its just sniper entries. Despite some of the positive reviews here. if you really do your deep research into this prop firm you will see they're shady and scammy.

I did talk to ALL the support staff about this issue and no one had a clear answer, they're well aware of this hidden rule and refuse to own up to it. They give no excuse",

"Response was quick and very clear and well explained",

"I wanna say that the support team response is quite recommended,also you should also work on timely response of about two minutes, thanks for sending as the updates you make on the rules, keep it up OFP.",

"If you are looking for a prop firm that gives you a great chance of reaching payouts I would strongly recommend OFP. I am still positively shocked about their account model which is way better than those of their competitors, in my opinion. I am pretty sure ofp is going to be the new star in the prop firm universe.
Pretty fast pay out. Stunning support and c'trader as a platform. Superb.
In the past they had issues with their dashboard which was pretty slow. They kept working on it and have been improving it since.",

"All of a sudden, OFP got better with their model and pricing offers.
Really amazing.
The dashboard looks way better and sleek too",

"Christy50: My first experience was not bad even though I violated the trading rule.But they have been very honest and transparent and their support are very active and professional.They present practical examples for rules that may be difficult to understand.As little as $18 you can buy a funded account.There is nothing like evaluation.Another point is that they take feedbacks from their traders to review their rules which is remarkable.This makes it the best prop firm in the industry.I will stay with this firm.I will advice anyone who will not like to waste his time on evaluation account and want very active support team to try OFP.",

"Firstly for the fact that you can actually get an instant funded account with such little amount, I initially thought it was a scam but when I saw the different parameters and their amount, I believed it was legit cus the rules and settings are really helpful for both the traders and the company, it disciplines you to stick to proper risk management and a lot more, options to suite what you can afford, I just love everything about their services, support and effort",

"This firm only cares about you paying money to them but when you are in profit and time for payout they come up with anything to not pay your money.
my experience in short: I had 50k account with them and traded till I was in profit and managed to gain 3,685$ when I requested my payout they said started with the first thing'' you are gambling'' although this called scalping then they stand back and said ''We have noticed that there was a drastic change in lotsize compared to your most used lotsize''
and the other thing was ''We also noticed news trading violation.'' and this was for news of new home sales on 22nd August which wasn't even high impact news. the funny thing the total amount for those allegedly prohibited trades was 210 $ and then they decided oh lets cut his profit 3,685$ because of that. I have read the people reviews here on trust pilot but didn't believe that you are ready to come up with anything not to pay till I saw with my own eyes.",

"My first month had some problems trading during the news. But I know now so got my first payout email on Friday. Fantastic",

"My experienced with OFP was amazing in regards to my concerns specially the payout that i have the support team handled it fast and smooth. Thank you OFP you made my life better. Its a great feeling making withdrawals from my trading account thru OFP. I just made a second purchased of a 100k account because i trust OFP so much that this company can deliver what they promise to every trader all around the globe.",

"The support team has helped me as I didn't understand the rules and prohibited strategies, they have given me detailed understanding of how OFP works, so far it has been good trading with OFP",

"OFP funded I see as legit firm even as the low fees yeah… but going through their rules
Hmm. Kinda fishy to me.
Money is never the problem but we the ppl behind are the issues
Since they look legit to me after some reaches on them and the lowest fees they offer, so I will be giving them a try, cuz nothing know if nothing try as simple as that.
I drop 3star because I haven’t traded with them just came to know about them and still doing my check on them, but what I’ve found so far about them are positive so that’s why am giving them a try, after then with positive process and no issues with them
Then I will be glad to come complete it to 5..
Cuz personal I like appreciating good people with good work.",

"helpful helped me completely in my situation",

"I've found OFP to be the best prop firm, especially providing capital without the need to pass 1,2 or even 3 challenges. The ability to tailor the type of account I want is a great feature that allows me to tailor to my risk appetite and reduce payout frequency to make it more affordable. I also like the TVS as it makes me think about the trade and the risk rather than just having a percentage I must avoid for failing the account. I will continue to use OFP going forward.",

"I'm very excited right now because the 25k account that i purchased with OFP was successful, and the support team is very fast, initially i was very skeptical about OFP but when I made the payment my account login credentials was sent to me within a few minutes, an at this point in time i just wanna say that OFP is the best prop firm with instants funding, in this case if you're a trader out there i recommend you to OFP. One love 💜",

"OFP has a fantastic support team and are always quick to respond to any of my questions. The platform is easy to navigate and I would strongly recommend anyone that’s looking for funded accounts to join OFP.",

"Nice one prop firm for me now",

"Best in the Prop firm Industry because I am here for long times got paid several times without any issue. Many Prop firm come and go but OFP funding is here to stay because day by day it is improving services it has very nice and cooperative Support Team CEO of this company has a wonderful heart very genuine and authentic Prop Firm and It provides Instant funding model with cheap price Thanks OFP for providing such wonderful opportunity.",

"OFP provide Instant Funded Lifelong Accounts without requiring lengthy challenges or stressful profit objectives. I LIKE THIS (Awesome)",

"I am happy to trade here and if you follow your rules, you will get a solid payout. Their customer service is good and fast too.",

"They have an instant funding challenge. They website is not loading all the time. Sometimes I can't visit the website. They should try and fix this",

"Muy buena compañía, las reglas están muy bien indicadas y el soporte es excelente",

"it is great , with OFP you will learn how to be strict and consistent in trading",

"OFP Funding has proven to be a standout choice in the funding landscape. From what I have observed, it excels in several key areas:Execution Reliability: OFP Funding demonstrates exceptional reliability in executing transactions, ensuring a smooth and efficient process.Competitive Pricing: Their pricing structure is highly competitive, providing value that stands out in the market.Quality Research: The research provided is thorough and insightful, which helps in making informed decisions.User-Friendly Platform: The platform is designed with user experience in mind, making it easy to navigate and use effectively.Although I have not yet had the opportunity to use OFP Funding directly, the positive feedback from a trusted trader friend and the strong initial impressions have me optimistic about the experience. I am enthusiastic about exploring their services further and confident that their customer service will meet high standards. Thank you for the exceptional support and service!",

"I have been following this company for a long time and I know some of its traders who have made good money from it. I hope to become a trader in it and I have no doubt that if I follow all the rules professionally, I will also get money. Good luck to them. They are the best choice at the present time.",

"I've once traded in the OFP ctrader platform and the interface was very neat and user-friendly. Another kudos to the support team; I remember when I breached my account early this year and tried to reach the support team for help. The way and manner the person in charge dealt with the issue confirmed to me that OFP is a well organized and professional firm.",

"Very quick response one of the best ive come across",

"Me encanta la idea de que no tengo que pasar pruebas para operar en vivo y ganar diner de una ves",

"Compre mi primer cuenta de 5k en agosto 2024 y todo fue muy fluido y correctamente hasta el momento. Sin duda es una cuenta ideal para empezar en este mundo del trading.",

"El suporte tecnico es muy eficiente y rapido en las respuestas, aun no he comprado una cuenta por motivos personales, pero lo hare lo mas pronto posible, porque me parece ser responsables y transparentes.",

"Very very good firm. decent behaviour customers doubt. clear dashboard. affordable price. new models programme. always good",

"Amazing experience customer service amazing they always solve my problems must recommend",

"I have a first hand experience with OFP and these guys are good. What I like about them is their flexible accounts that you select depending on how much you can afford. Their customer service is also good. In addition, discounted prices are sent directly to email as well as on their website. Payouts are fast as long as you keep the rules.",

"انها شركه رائعه وتعامل جيد والدعم ممتاز بسرعه يجيب علي اي سوال في بضع دقائه شركه لايوجد فيها تحديات مباشر لوحه التحكم ممتازه مفهومه بشكل جيد",

"my experience with company is very good. Customer service is quick to respond also.",

"Tbh this is the best tested and trusted platform I ever come across, they're too many good stuffs about them, starting from the discord community to the platform itself, there dashboard is 100% accurate and easy to use.the customer services is top-notch, the moment a friend of my recommended this platform and I stated using I know this is the last busstop for me ,no more searching for any other trading platform, I highly appreciate those who are involved in creating this excellent platform for people.thanks",

"Trading with no challenge is a trust given to traders by OFP and I need to prove to them I can be trusted",

"Ofp fiabilité rapidité efficacité",

"Funding traders in a unique way. It's innovative and appealing especially for those who have no money to buy trading accounts to compete for funding. It's cool!",

"Ofp represents a qualitative leap in the world of finance, offering capabilities with easy terms and quick execution.
Easy step for a big start...",

"The prompt response from support is a good one. They don't waste time to respond to issues.",

"Ofp is the only company providing 80%share and 5% draw down as a trader this helped me too much and also their 100k and 200k acounts are the cheapest in this market of propfirms",

"I just didn't know we had to purchase a VPN for us traders that's the only issue",

"SI ERES TRADER RENTABLE Y NO TIENES CAPITAL OFP ES LA MEJOR
HAGO FOREX DESDE 2018 Y JAMAS HABIA VISTO UNA EMPRESA QUE DIERA TANTAS FACILIDADES A TRADERS RENTABLES",

"The Best Instant Prop firm in the Industry with Lowest and Best Fees for an Instant Account. Spreads and Commissions are Very Competitive. Support Team is very well knowledged and helpful. No Profit Limit Restrictions if you strictly stick to the TVS Score.Unlimited Profits No other Instant Prop firm is offering If you are a Serious Trader the Instant Funding account will get you Profit with in Two weeks where as you have to struggle these two weeks with other challenge accounts",

"Ofpfunding.com is very good company .i got instant accounts and rules are good .Actually i am impressed by this company really very much .Totally trustable and very good customer support .I want to give 99 out of 100 but only one point is trader value rule .To understand this i took many days and still i want if company remove this i will take 200 k account instantly . I trust totally on ofpfunding.com and its services and good customer support. Practically i took 25000 dollar account to start and experience was very good .Thank you all ...",

"It's simple and wonderful",

"Is the best way to start Trading, they help you in all! Nice Job , follow us.",

"I am very grateful to OFP funding and I am happy to try their accounts. I have purchased three accounts. Thank you, OFP. You have a wonderful support service and are very quick to solve problems.",

"This is the prop firm to use by far.

Honestly, I am learning to to be disciplined with my trading. I understand the TVS isn't everyones cup of tea however, what I would say is this sort of stops you from over trading. It's makes you work for your trades and in the long run, be more profitable. I would highly recommend OFP to give it a shot. Once I make payout I will update here :)",

"I put my name wrong ment to be Shaun A Bowen I think this ofp is great very helpful full and quick to reply to customers there model is great with the option to build your own account I didn't get to withdraw funds as I martingale by mistake I done a 0.01 size then don't a 0.10 as I was ment to do 0.10 but you get 3 chances so I guess I done it to many times so just got to be careful for that other than that it's all good

I also think would be better if it didn't have so many rules like martingale and heading etc etc also consistency rule is fine but be better if didn't have them",

"If anyone out there is looking to take Trading very seriously this is the best place to start because they are very professional and very reliable. You can start trading without no challenge and with a good capital to manage risk and they are very fast in payments and you can trade on the weekend For the bitcoins group trading is freedom and they offered the freedom to trade the market any time anyway, for traders by traders with trades.",

"It is amazing all the posibilities and prices that you have on Instant funding Accounts.",

"I got a very customer friendly response from the customer service team when I needed information. A prop firm on Discord, YouTube, X and other social media always ready to help. No payout denial, no hidden rules I recommend 100%.",

"Overall with OFP team experience was good. No concerns with your team and plans. Plans and price are very reasonable. Website looks decent and legible details. But only concern stopped me to buy plan was consistency rules. It is really confusing and annoying that stopped me to buy your plan. Except this I recommend this funding platform to everyone who is not bothered about consistency rules.",

"Excelente compañía, fondos instantáneos pocas reglas, aunque un poco difícil de entenderás pero las reglas son básicas y pocas",

"Well I'm grateful for that",

"Sehr geehrte Damen und Herren,

ich habe bei Ihnen einen Account erworben und erfolgreich getradet. Leider musste ich feststellen, dass mir der Zugang zu meinem Account ohne ersichtlichen Grund verweigert wurde. Ich kann nicht nachvollziehen, auf welcher Grundlage dies geschehen ist, da ich mich an alle Regeln gehalten habe.

Es scheint mir, dass hier ein Betrug vorliegt, da mir keinerlei Verstöße bekannt sind. Ich bitte daher dringend um eine Erklärung und um ein Gespräch, um die Situation zu klären. Sollte dies nicht zeitnah erfolgen, sehe ich mich gezwungen, rechtliche Schritte in der EU einzuleiten, um mein Geld zurückzufordern.

Ich hoffe, dass es nicht soweit kommen muss, und freue mich auf eine rasche Klärung.

Mit freundlichen Grüßen
Abdulahi Hassan Mohamed",

"The support team is reliable and the feedback to any problem is to be studied by others.
I had a problem in funding my account with my Visa card and I reach out to their support team which replied to me in less that 2 minutes and the problem was resolved immediately",

"They have good customer service.
When you send them a mail they respond very fast.",

"Too good to be true most reliable and trusted firm .fast payout and good support team",

"J'ai payé un compte auprès de cette société et je très satisfait. Je vous recommande cette société car elle est fiable.",

"Pls remove some complex rule its very hard to trade with this type of hard rules i req you to pls remove some rules and pls add usdt withdrawal also its easy to withdraw with usdt and add call support otherwise its good to trade with ofp",

"I enjoyed using Ctrader en to me, its the fastest platform i've used in all my 7 years of trading.
OFPs customer care is very okay.",

"It's a very good way of trade without passing a challenge. Besides, you can match the type of funded account with your personal way of trading.
Very interesting and valuable.",

"I found ofp very great and realiable in execution, competitive pricing, quality research, abd user friendly platform. As referred to me by one of my good trader buddy Even though i haven’t tried it yet. But i am fully looking forward to it. Your services are very exceptional to customers. Thank you",

"In my term, OFP funding is one of the best Instant funded accounts, watch their review on YouTube in my channel’s first video at Invincible trader",

"All my enquiries were sorted out in few minutes and I am hopeful that trading with this firm will be a very smooth journey.

Many of my friends are doing great 😃
Now it's my turn to enjoy this wonderful firm 🎉🤗👏",

"REVIEW OF OTF CUSTOMER SUPPORT BY (OCHIGBO ONYEBUCHI).

I had an excellent experience with OTF Funding, particularly with their customer support team. From the very beginning, their staff was responsive, professional, and incredibly knowledgeable. Any time I had questions or needed clarification, they were quick to provide detailed and clear explanations.

What impressed me the most was how personalized their service felt. They didn’t just treat me as another client; they genuinely took the time to understand my needs and concerns. Their team was patient, ensuring that I fully understood each step of the funding process, which made the entire experience stress-free.

Moreover, the response time was always prompt, whether through email or phone calls. They went above and beyond to make sure I had the best possible support, even after the funding process was complete. It’s rare to find such consistent, high-quality service these days.

I highly recommend OTF Funding, especially for those looking for a company that prioritizes excellent customer service. They truly make you feel valued and supported every step of the way.",

"Top company",

"all rules good only trade value rules not a good remove trade value rules",

"My experience with OFP Support has been exceptional. The team went above and beyond to ensure my needs were met, providing timely and clear communication at every step. I was particularly impressed by their proactive approach to problem-solving, making me feel valued and heard as a customer. One standout moment was when they followed up with me to ensure that everything was running smoothly after a support ticket was resolved – a rare and thoughtful gesture. This level of personalized service has not only strengthened my trust in OFP but also set a benchmark for customer service excellence in my book. I truly appreciate the dedication and commitment of the OFP Support team, and I look forward to continuing my journey with them",

"I’m very satisfied with OFP service and challenges. I will recommend everyone who want to try trading and make money. The support can provide you every information you need very quickly and understandably for you.",

"although I am yet to be funded by OFP but so far as part of my research to get a prop firm it seems OFP is the way to go as their support team is up to date

KEEP IT UP GUYS",

"I have 3 differnt prop fund account, out of them OFP funding is best because its afforable and it has clear rules. I had a good experience with support team. Whatever i have questions regarding my account as well as regarding trading platform i had receive straight and clear answers. Overall best funding account to be suggest in my circle. Many of my friend already opened account with OFP funding.",

"EVEN THO THE INSTANT FUNDING ACCOUNTS ARE TENTING THE RULES LITERALLY SUCKS STICK WITH ANY OTHER PROP FIRM",

"One of the best Propfirm in the market. Cheap price for funded account. Veer good service.",

"Scam🚫scam🚫 this is the scam conpany i bought 10k account payout ondemand i get 200$ i one trade i trying to payout but they not send me my payout i contact suppot but no solution so they deserv 0.5star⭐",

"Je suis actuellement chez ofp avec un compte à 50k je ne suis pas déçue pour le moment je me poser un seule question jusqu’à combien peut on être financer chez vous merci .",

"En la sección preguntas frecuentes (FAQ), Marcelo Chiesa en las estrategias prohíbidas sobre comercio de noticias, sólo habla de operaciones stop pendientes en ambos lados del precio. En el video explicativo de su web también sólo habla de eso, y en otros apartados sólo sugiere (no prohibe) evitar operar alrededor de la noticia.
Me deniegan el pago de 4.400 dólares con 83 operaciones ejecutadas. EN MI PANEL DE CONTROL TODO OK sobre estrategias ilegales.
Me indican que hay una operación en una noticia de alto impacto: GBPUSD
NOTICIA: 16:00H ENT:15:58:33 CIERRE:16:00:04 centesimas. es decir, las 16:00 en punto porque yo no quería operar la notica y cuando me dí cuenta al saltar la alarma cerré. Opero siempre con 5 lotes: comisión de entrada 45 dólares. RESULTADO OPERACION : PERDIDA DE 45 dólares .
YA QUE NO DIO TIEMPO AL IMPULSO DEL PRECIO.",

"This is a froud company just selling account to traders with no intentions of payment.I haved opened two positions of 0.3 and 0.5 lots together and won both trades.just before payment day they send me a mail with account violation notice. They are a scan and stay away from such cheaters. My account number was 1002650.",

"Worst
I have opened a 10k account, trading means it's managing risk.
By the time I closed my trades I am in 1.1k profit. But they simply sent an email saying you breached daily drawdown.
I don't understand daily drawdown is calculated for running P&L.

What a pity!!!
It's not at all recommended for traders with good knowledge and know how to manage risk.

Now for this review they will reply like "All rules are clear and transparent".

OFP AGENDA : JUST TO SELL ACCOUNTS AND MAKE MONEY.",

"Hope fully everything will go well, but satisfied with customer service, but your reply is kind of delayed, other that everything is well, But i have a pro with your Offers are just exagrated as the Pricing is not in discount money wise the 100k challenge is way over the Price of your compettors.",

"I purchased 5k account and made a profit of 138 dollars.2 days after I received a mail that I have violated the rules as I have used hedging strategy. I never knew it before purchasing the account and suddenly get to know it. I want to know whats is the issue with someone's trading strategy? Shall we trade with your strategy only ? This is terrible and fraud company. Should take action against them.",

"Bad and unfair treatment
I purchased a 10k account a done some trades and as we all know pice can reverse on you but I know that I won’t pass my daily limit so I open another position same as the original one, I end up have some profit but then they emailed me that I broke their rules and they suspended my account!
Guys in OFP don’t want you to get any money period they just want to sell account that’s so obvious and now when I see all the negative reviews I can make sure that’s the whole story just selling accounts to people and then they will find a reason to close your account.

That’s my account number 1003401 by the way.",

"Too many hard rules and the web site is so slow",

"I'm new to OFP and, before buying an account, I asked many questions both to online support (very quick to respond, I received answers within a minute) and to discord support. I convinced myself to buy and so far everything is perfect, payment went on time, credentials received immediately, very low SPRED and commissions too. I'm getting along very well with them. The secret is to organize yourself, respect their rules and everything will go smoothly. I reserve the right to update my review in just over 20 days as it will be the date of my first payment with them! 💪🏻

update of 09/27/2024. unfortunately it is not as it seems. it is true the prices are very competitive the assistance works you can customize your experience. all in all it is a good OFP opportunity but, during the review, they declared my gambling strategy. guys, in a month the positions were 100% profitable - my entries, if you see carefully, are executed at very specific times and maximum one/two per day. some days I did not even enter because the requirements of my strategy were not met. scalping, gentlemen, is a strategy in all respects if done using your head and I believe that my history speaks very clearly!! precise entries and, true, not very durable! but 100% profitable. perhaps this is what scares. however, I deliberately burned the account as I do not change my strategy found in 10 years of study. I simply change platform. I had the feeling of having to deal with somewhat "hidden" and not very clear rules. unfortunately!",

"Best Company.",

"Lo qué pasa es que he tratado de comunicarme con O FP porque no quieren aceptar el pago con tarjeta de crédito y sólo me siguen dando vueltas y vueltas y no me dicen el por qué no se quiere aceptar si en el en sitio sale que está en revisión, y ahora ellos me dicen que mejor les pague en criptomonedas, y yo le estoy diciendo a ellos que eso es algo ilegal, lo que están promoviendo porque están diciendo que puedes hacer un pago con tarjeta pero a la misma vez no te dejan pagar con tarjeta. Ahora me dice que le pague con criptomonedas y yo le estoy diciendo a ellos que me den la razón. El por qué no quieren aceptar el pago con la tarjeta si yo llamé a mi compañía de tarjeta y usé dos tarjetas, y ellos me están diciendo que todo está bien con la tarjeta, pero ellos no quieren hacerlo si es que no entiendo la razón por lo que ellos no quieren hacer el cobro con la tarjeta pero parece que hay algo ahí que no no cuadra con con esta plataforma, porque yo le estoy diciendo a ella que yo soy el propietario de mis propias tarjetas y no entiendo por qué no quieren cobrarlo con tarjeta es que algo que tengan que tienen que tener en mente a la hora de hacer pago con tarjeta porque yo hice cuatro pagos y se lo mandé a ellos Paguen con tarjeta de esta compañía, y no sé porque ellos Forzan que Hay que pagues con criptomonedas o otra denominada moneda, si con mi tarjeta eso es dinero. Seguro también el problema está en que si ellos no no te quieren dar la cuenta cuenta. Tú puedes este poner un par al pago con la tarjeta tarjeta y eso ellos no le va a gustar porque no no sé qué pasa con esta compañía, la había visto bien en el en lo que leí Y mencionaron que era una buena compañía, pero a la misma vez no no no la entiendo. Así es que tenga mucho cuidado al hacer esto.",

"**Review for OFP Funding**

(As for the payout review and details, I haven’t reached that stage yet, so I’ll provide an update once I have more information.)

As a first-time user with OFP Funding, I’ve been impressed with their service so far. I purchased a funded account and received my credentials instantly, which made the setup process smooth and efficient. The cTrader platform is robust and advanced, and although I’ve only been using it for two days, it seems to be a great tool for trading.

Customer support has been notably fast and friendly, which is a big plus.

Overall, my initial experience has been positive, and I look forward to seeing how it progresses.",

"Well support from customer service. Next review after payout",

"OFP is simply the best, first of all getting a funded account without going through any challenge is my blowing. Their customer service is commendable, no delays in responding to emails and the web interface is simple and easy to navigate. You deserve my 5 star.",

"I would have given it a 5star, but my verification is rejected, they need to improve in their verification",

"Am used 10k Account last day
Breached account
Reson is hedging
Am not using hedged all positions are one direction
Am add positions layer buy layer that my Startergy
All trade placed like that after 10 days company toled it’s violated
Ofp firms is fake chelating
Worset firms
Please any traders don’t buy please
Hidden ruls running lots of",

"Your guidelines are not clear and your chat support was not able to give proper answer.
My question was that I got a strike of gambling in my account and I asked will i get my payout this time or it will be denied . Then your chat support team was not able to give a proper answer .
If I will not get payout this time then why would i trade more this month .
Kindly clear this that if some one got strike of gambling once , is their any chance to get the payout or not .",

"I am working with OFP it is almost 1 year done nice experience from world's no 1 instant funding model.",

"IN THIS ADVANCE ERA OF TRADING!! why are you not on MT4/MT5 WHICH IS THE BEST AND MOST USER FRIENDLY TRADING APP TO MILLIONS? I GUESS SOMETHING IS REALLY FISHY HERE.",

"I am not going to stop outing these companies with their awful tactics. This is one of the worst. Before I started I asked the guy what the main rules were that and what specifically would defy the rules He said if you do not martingale or keep opening trades that are less than a minute. I said well I generally don't snipe and the majority of my trades are a few minutes and mostly more.
I originally found this company as I was looking for an instant account and not one with a challenge attached to it. It makes it easier when you don't have to do a challenge first. The guy on live chat said that it was a real live account that I would be trading with a few rules to follow, which I expected. My aim was to try and just make 30 dollars per day which meant that I would not over trade and look after the account.
As soon as I opened the LIVE account I received an email asking for me to give them a rating on here. How can you rate a company when you have only just started with them? I'm certain it was done so they could get lots of positive reviews and look great for anybody reading, therefore tempting them to join
Going back to the rules I was told do not go from a small trade and next do one about a million times bigger. I wouldn't do that anyway. Who would want to blow their LIVE account and lose.
The other main rule was not to use martingale. Now I would imagine every trader or gambler knows what the Martingale system was. If not then it's placing a bet and if you lose you double the stakes and keep on doubling the stakes until you win. When you do finally win you collect all your previous losses back plus one unit so you end up ahead. That is Martingale and there is no other martingale system so any other style of betting cannot be called Martingale.
I was trading away and I looked up in the corner of the platform and it said demo account. I thought, hold on the guy I spoke to said it was a live account. I went back to the live chat and asked the same guy why did he tell me it was a live account. He said when you are able to make money on a platform it's called a live account. I said, of course it's not you only have 2 types and they are live account or demo account. He didn't reply, but I thought I do not trust this as any and all winnings would be coming out of their pockets. So I was under the presumption that whatever happens, they are not going to pay out and even before the opportunity came to withdraw anything and I was about 180 in profit, I had an email saying that I had breached the account and can no longer carry on unless I buy in again. Oh no no no I was not having that, so I wrote an email and they came back saying that I didn't follow the rules and I failed 3 trades for using martingale system. Now I told them that that was not possible as I never once finished a trade then doubled up until a trade won. I even sent them through an article that showed the Martingale system.
They came back and said to me, well that is not our Martingale system. I said to them, as I told you before there is only one martingale system, so if you have a rule that is different you cannot call it Martingale as it is not and you are deceiving people. They told me I should read their system they are calling martingale, while I replied I don't have to as I have know the system for about 40 years. My final message was in that case you need to change the name of the system you are talking about as I traded making sure Martingale was not used. I finished with, one of 2 things you can do and that is either refund me or take the account back to the beginning and I will start again once you explain what the rule was. I have had no reply since therefore very suspect company indeed. Even more weirder is I can still sign in and trade on the so called breached account days later. REALLY?

** Here is my update after receiving their response
I was eagerly waiting for their BS reply and I will state again for the 4 time, there are NO different kinds of Martingale system, it is either Martingale or it's not. You cannot have your own definition of it and when I'm told to not use it and I know what the system is why would I need to look it up?
If somebody told me that they were going to lay some concrete on my drive, should I be looking up concrete when I know what it is. With this company the probably lay down sand and say that is their meaning of concrete.
With the live and demo debate, what they should have said is you will be using a demo account with real funds and the part where they said all prop firms have to deal with demo accounts as that's all they can use. Not really correct when I was using 2 prop firms before directly on a live account and not demo and that was even doing a challenge.
Finally they say if I wanted to contact them to discuss more about the situation then do so. I have already contacted twice and they ignored both times. I don't know why they didn't read my review as I already said this in there",

"Good. Made money faster",

"Todo bien , rápido y seguro . Es hora de hacer trading .",

"In general, I’m pleased that they’ve eliminated the previous rules that felt like scams—such as trade time limits and mandatory minimum trade numbers within a few days. I’m currently giving them another chance, and so far, everything seems to be going well. However, I do have a minor observation about their customer service: it appears that they might either lack familiarity with trading intricacies and rely on pre-set responses, or perhaps they’re a tad too lazy to thoroughly research and provide accurate answers. I’ll circle back with a final update once I have more experience.",

"I will rate OFP a five star ⭐ firm. I have received my 3rd payout without any issue.
If we follow the rules, they pay.
Thanks OFP",

"They keep to time with responding to clients, and response is fast and well detailed.",

"My review got deleted by trustpilot because they thought I was "suspicious". Weird but anyways. This firm is the best, have the best rules and I really admire their support. I got my tvs lower than 16% and tomorrow I can request a payout, will do at midnight. I will update after the payout as I said in the previous review, again as I've said, this firm really has everything.

UPDATE

It's been more than two weeks and no payout. I got an review on my account and first they said I had took 15 positions at the same time with is not ok, then I explained that those positions is not buys, its partial closers of one position, and then they wanted to review my account again as they probably saw that I did nothing wrong. Now I wait day after day and im getting no answers but "You will be emailed in 48 hours". after that time I ask again and the same answer comes. If I get my payout I will update again and change the rating but at the moment I am scammed of A LOT of money.",

"Honestly it’s hard not giving this firm a 1 star review, rules breaks and breaches will be handed to your account for the slightest mistake. Even if you didn’t break a rule they still will find a way to breach your account right before payout. Don’t buy this firm DONT!!",

"So far the experience has been great. Support is brilliant, pricing is fair and spreads and commisions are inline with the rest of the prop space.

I will update this review once I recieve a payput, due on at the end of the week.",

"No need to pass any challenge, simple rules to make you a successful prop firm trader.
Customer support response is at the speed of light.
I lost my account and I attribute that to my personal mistakes.
I’ll definitely get another account with them.
One of the best so far.",

"Todo correcto",

"quick responses with the upmost etiquette for customer relations.",

"Compré la cuenta de fondeo de 25k al 60%, el primer mes estuve operando y al momento de cobrar no pude por no cumplir con la regla del 25%, después por un problema personal dejé de operar como un mes y medio, volví a operar con lotajes bajos para controlar mi gestion de riesgo y resultó que eso era una estrategia llamada martingala que no conocía y me pusieron una infracción, no me enteré de esta infracción hasta hoy, no me notificaron ni nada.
Después tuve 3 infracciones más por una estrategia de cobertura de la cual tampoco tenía conocimiento y después viendo sus reglas no quedó claro porque en su video dice que consiste en operaciones opuestas al mismo precio y al mismo tiempo, lo cual no hice pero me dijeron que contaba de todas formas. De estas infracciones tampoco tuve conocimiento hasta hoy ya que tampoco me notificaron ni nada. Simplemente me cerraron la cuenta.
Operaba con meta trader y migramos a ctarder, como no conocía esa plataforma hubieron algunas operaciones que me salieron mal por eso y terminó resultando en la estrategia de cobertura. Una operación a la alza duró 15 segundos y la cerré porque la había puesto mal, abrí otra a la baja ya que era la dirección que quería tomar desde el principio pero estuvieron abiertas al mismo tiempo por un lapso de 10 segundos y ya contó como una estrategia prohibida, lo mismo me pasó en otra ocasión y ya fueron 2 infracciones de las que no me pude defender ni opinar.
Perdí mi cuenta y no me enteré hasta un mes después porque seguía normal mi cuenta de ctrader y yo seguía operando a diario. Me habían mandado un mail que no vi y eso fue todo, sin posibilidad de hablar ni nada. perdí mi cuenta por errores que no debió ser así y solo me dicen que compre otra cuenta con descuento. ¿Cómo voy a confiar en ellos? ni siquiera puedo hablar por las supuestas estrategias ni nada, ni siquiera pude hacer mi primer retiro, simplemente ya no tengo mi cuenta y no puedo comprar otra porque tampoco me van a reembolsar esta ni nada.
Puede que otras personas hayan tenido buena experiencia con esta empresa, pero no es mi caso y me dejó mucho que desear.",

"It's a scam because if you make more profit then your withdraw target increase and not able to withdraw balance so keep in mind this is a scam....",

"se vengono rispettate le regole i pagamenti sono certi, almeno questa è la mia esperienza",

"Why don't you go straight and just tell traders they need to hit a profit target to withdraw, why disguise it and call it trader value score, it's wickedness, if u trade 1:2 RR you will need 15R profits to hit 15% Trader value score which is frustrating, and u can't withdraw if u don't hit that 15% trader value score, it’s a trap, this is very evil",

"Trying this company again and getting used to the TVS rule this is my 4th attempt Hoping to continue to be successful and receive a payout I will do another review once I receive payout !!",

"Further to the complaint raised by me in my previous review, I was contacted by OFP team and they have reviewed my account and confirmed to offer a second chance with 50K80 6% DD account.
I appreciate the support extended by OFP team especially Mr. Raudel displayed professional way of dealing with customer.

I still recommend OFP to enhance their system by pausing the account to get the trader's attention when there first and second violation and re-activate once acknowledged by the trader.

Thank you OFP team",

"After failing funded account challenges, was about to drop the idea of trading forex, but OFP gave the light of hope. Thanks for giving opportunity, which most of the propfirm fails. At first I didn't believe the terms and conditions for Instant Funded Account. I can bet no other propfirm will be so lenient in terms of rules for INSTANT FUNDING. I started my journey with OFP, since Feb 2024, earlier the rules were pretty tough but as the time past by and OFP got earned their traders confidence, OFP started to drop 2 hard rules such as the 2-minute rule and the 3 trading days rule for a soft rule. The new TVS rule makes traders more discipline and prohibits one from gambling.",

"I have had a few accounts in the past with OFP which have made me a little more wiser. Most times the accounts had been violated due to a technical rule. I figured this time I would stick to a set of core rules such as only ever trading the same lot size, having the same opening pip stop loss, no scaling out or in, caution with trade selection. My thinking was to go over the top and see if this time I would qualify for a payout.
Yes it worked. I call it "Vanilla trading" meaning nothing fancy just really boring with little or no variance.
It almost makes you become more disciplned and focused on keeping the account really clean.
In other words KISS (Keep it simple stupid).
My account has the 15% TVR so once again you need to be careful with your average daily wins, this also helps you to be consistent.

On a side note support via email is quick and helpful.",

"Worst prop firms didnt give me my payout after I made $6500 on my account and was well below the TV's score and didn't break any rule",

"Very good company, everything is perfect and easy.
Highly recommended",

"just got payout again. thanks Ofp",

"Be careful of this scam of a company. I bought a 100K account (Order ID: OFP23256) and they told me they only offer cTrader, not MT5 and when I request for a refund, they totally ghost you and scam you of your money. If you give an honest review on Trustpilot, they report you in attempt to get your review deleted by Trustpilot. Thank God Trustpilot is independent and doesn't remove legitimate reviews. It's been a month now waiting for my refund and they just refuse to provide proof of payment. Please save yourself the heartache and STAY AWAY FROM THIS SCAM and find a trust worthy prop firm.",

"No really, they are literally redefining terms in order to put strikes against your account.
I used to reverse trade button on CTrader, they said I was hedging. When I told them it was a mistake they told me no you hedged.
I had to be a complete pain to get them to review it, when they did they told me I was right but the infractions will stay on my account.
When I ask why, they give this generic answer.

"We welcome all trading styles that can be replicated in Live market conditions. Trading styles that are deemed as “Cheating” on demo accounts are not permitted. Below is a list of styles prohibited within our program: Latency arbitrage, long-short arbitrage, reverse arbitrage, reverse/opposite account trading, hedging, grid trading, Tick scalping/trading, Martingale Trading, and news straddling methods. Although this list does not include all tactics that can violate our trading policies, these are the most frequent ones we have observed traders trying to take advantage of demo accounts. If any account is seen to be using unfair strategies or an unrealistic trading style their account will be suspended."

This is from their terms of service, the key phrase here is " Although this list does not include all tactics that can violate our trading policies, these are the most frequent ones we have observed traders trying to take advantage of demo accounts." This means that they can make up rules as they wish, as they did in my case. Using the reverse trade option on CTrader isn't against any rules on their website.

Avoid these guys, you will not get paid out.

Edit since their reply. Here is the conversation so you can see they are lying.


12:22 PM | Customer service from OFP: We welcome all trading styles that can be replicated in Live market conditions. Trading styles that are deemed as “Cheating” on demo accounts are not permitted. Below is a list of styles prohibited within our program: Latency arbitrage, long-short arbitrage, reverse arbitrage, reverse/opposite account trading, hedging, grid trading, Tick scalping/trading, Martingale Trading, and news straddling methods. Although this list does not include all tactics that can violate our trading policies, these are the most frequent ones we have observed traders trying to take advantage of demo accounts. If any account is seen to be using unfair strategies or an unrealistic trading style their account will be suspended.

12:23 PM | Visitor: Hitting the reverse button isn't any of those.

12:24 PM | Customer service from OFP: It is and although this list does not include all tactics that can violate our trading policies, these are the most frequent ones we have observed traders trying to take advantage of demo accounts.

12:25 PM | Visitor: Please remove the hedging violation from my record as you have admitted I didn't hedge. Thank you

12:26 PM | CS from OFP: It cannot be removed as it is not manually possible to open and close another trade at the same exact time

12:27 PM | Visitor: It is if you press the reverse button.

12:28 PM | Visitor: You can remove it or give me a refund. That's all I will accept.

12:29 PM | CS from OFP: It cannot be removed and the refund cannot be made since you have placed some trades on the account

12:29 PM | Visitor: I traded before you started cheating.

12:33 PM | CS from OFP: Okay, the buy trade and sell trade cannot be opened and closed at the same exact time and the refund on your account can't be made

12:33 PM | Visitor: Did I hedge?

12:33 PM | Visitor: No, so you are cheating.

12:33 PM | Visitor: take it off of my profile

12:35 PM | CS from OFP: The system flagged a buy and sell trade opened and closed at the same exact time without even a millisecond delay between them, that is still hedging

12:35 PM | Visitor: No it isn't.

12:36 PM | Visitor: You can't redefine the English language to suit your cheating.

12:37 PM | CS from OFP: Is there anything else I can help you with?

12:37 PM | Visitor: Yes, remove the lies from my account. Thank you


There is more but you can see I didn't admit to hedging as I didn't do it. CTrader opens and closes the positions at the same time if you hit reverse. Ninja trader closes first then opens. I didn't program these platforms I didn't know that and hedging is totally different anyway. Hedging is when you open a trade, it takes a loss and then you open the same trade in the opposite direction to avoid margin call. When the original trade turns green you close the second trade. Hitting the reverse button isn't even in the same ballpark.

If you trade with these guys you will regret it. Read all negative reviews. I wish I did before I paid.
It isn't a bunch of people crying about consistency or drawdown. There are legitimate gripes against this company changing rules and refusing payouts to legit traders.",

"I was sending a series of emails to the team as my first payout was getting delayed. As some technical issue which was happening got resolved someday before and I got my first payout and after that my 2nd payout got paid in just 2 days of time. So, I thank the team for their patience in addressing my concerns all these days. I definitely recommend this prop firm to everyone :)",

"ofp funding is best instant funding propfirm i ever seen , they have best reasonable prices for funding accouts",

"They are fast on delivery but I prefer trading on mt4 than ctrader",

"The customer service is quick and top notch. Really helped me in getting back my account in order.",

"Worst experience I have ever had with a prop firm. I wanted to purchase an account and my card kept declining. They advised me to purchase the account using confirmo. I purchased the account with bitcoin. My cashapp confirmed that they received the bitcoin and I even provided the chain block which clearly confirms that they received the funds. They then started saying that the funds where moved after they received it. I tried to ask them to reverse the transaction or give me an account but they completely denied having received my funds and even stopped answering my emails. Please OFP stop doing this because am not the only one claiming that you have stollen their money using bitcoin. Refund my money, I have prove that you received my money and you are just thieves",

"Until now i cant open my account to trade on",

"Bien que les conditions soit assez accessible, il est important de noter OFP prône la discipline car il y a un certaines mauvaises habitudes de trading qui sont restreints chez OFP.
Mais le meilleur est que le trader développe une certaine discipline au fur et à mesure qu'il s'adapte à leurs règles, le service support client est très rapide et assez disponible !",

"Great customer service",

"Worst trading platform. It's not at all trader friendly.. the TVS rule is just not trader friendly. If anyone thinking of buying an account please read the rules before buying because with the TVS rule in their. You can take swing trades or positional trades. Which is worst for any trader who is thinking of instant funding.If you gain more from single trade by taking a swing the TVs will shoot and you will not be able to take the payout at the end... Worst prop firm ever...",

"Thank you❤ OFP
I have great faith in OFP, those who follow the rules get 100% payout from OFP, this is what I want to tell you from my experience, I got 2 payouts from OFP, those who were denied payout did not follow the rules of OFP, sometimes the payout is delayed, in my opinion they Working very hard. I tell you everyone who got payout give them 5 ⭐ I tell you to write your experience trust pilot, some don't write",

"This is my second review. I made a profit of 377 usd by scalping without violating daily drawdown and Max loss. My TVS score was also below required. But OFP denied me payout stating ilegal strategy. Very disappointed. I hold few of my trades for very short time this is the reason they gave. I used minimum lot my account size was 50k",

"I have had access to my funded account without any challenge. This was great to me and the account was handed over to me within a couple of minutes.
I cannot write much about payout because I'm not yet due to receive one. I'm hoping to receive when it's due.",

"Dear Support please give solid answer on payout.
my review and reply email on 07th.08.
show pending payment invoice on rise . still pending till today .12days .
support@ofp no one email they reply .live support keep answering same 24hrs n 48 hrs .",

"Very bad experience",

"One of the worst firm, invite competition was going on there, many people invited real traders, i invited 50+ people too but they didn't selected us as a winners, one of the worst firm, plz stay away from this types of firms",

"LAMENTABLEMENTE ESTA EMPRESA ME DEJA CON MUCHAS DUDAS ....
TUVE EL ERROR DE OPERAR DURANTE NOTICIA Y ME LLEVO A COMETER UNA VIOLACION DE REGLA .... SINEMBARGO MI CUENTA SIGUE ACTIVA Y ME PALOMIARON LA VIOLACION .... ME COMUNIQUE CON EL SERVICIO ATRAVEZ DEL CHAT , ME ATENTIO UN TAL Ajibola, ME COMENTO QUE EL NO TIENE UNA RESPUESTA QUE EN CASO DE GENERAR UN PAGO VAN A EVALUAR SI PROCEDE A RAIZ DE LA VIOLACION....ESTA RESPUESTA ME DA MUCHAS DUDAS .... QUE SENTIDO TIENE SEGUIR OPERANDO TAL VEZ UN MEZ ...LOGRAR UN EXITO ....PARA QUE LUEGO SOLO TENGAN LA ESCUSA DE ESTA VIOLACION , MEJOR QUE CANCELEN LA CUENTA HOY A QUE DEBA LLEVARME UN TRAGO AMARGO EN UN MES ....NO SE COMO TERMINARA PERO MUCHO MEJOR INVERTIR EN UNA EMPRESA DONDE SEAN MAS CLAROS
UNFORTUNATELY THIS COMPANY LEAVES ME WITH MANY DOUBTS....
I HAD THE MISTAKE OF TRADING DURING THE NEWS AND IT LED ME TO COMMIT A RULE VIOLATION.... HOWEVER, MY ACCOUNT IS STILL ACTIVE AND THE VIOLATION WAS TALKED TO ME.... I CONTACTED THE SERVICE THROUGH THE CHAT, A SUCH AJIBOL WAS ATTENTION TO ME, ME I COMMENT THAT HE DOES NOT HAVE AN ANSWER THAT IF A PAYMENT IS GENERATED THEY WILL EVALUATE IF IT PROCEEDS AS A FOLLOW OF THE VIOLATION... THIS ANSWER GIVES ME A LOT OF DOUBTS... WHAT'S THE SENSE OF CONTINUEING TO OPERATE FOR MAYBE A MONTHS... ACHIEVE A SUCCESS....SO THAT THEN THEY ONLY HAVE THE EXCUSE FOR THIS VIOLATION, BETTER THEY CANCEL THE ACCOUNT TODAY THAN I HAVE TO TAKE A BITTER DRINK IN A MONTH....I DON'T KNOW HOW IT WILL END BUT MUCH BETTER TO INVEST IN A COMPANY WHERE WHITE IS WHITE AND BLACK IS BLACK....BE CAREFUL",

"Trading conditions are fine had no issues with slippage or spreads. Support is useless dont seem to have a clue about the company or the trading rules, also seems to be intentionally vague rules often disguised as “suggestions”. Overall not bad but needs improvement on its transparency",

"Great customer service. best prices for instant funded accounts in the industry. rules are similar to everyone else. probably the best prop firm i have come across so far. excellent dashboard. if your looking for instant funded accounts OFP is my recommendation above all.",

"AVOID. Unless your trade is immediately in profit, it's incredibly easy to hit their maximum daily limits. Your trade could drop a few pips then rocket in to profit, but if your equity drops below the limit for a split second your account is closed. Will not be using ofp again. They even offered me a free second account which ended up being $13 at checkout.",

"Great customer service. Quick and answered my questions",

"Your tight spread and your platform is awesome but the aspect of the TVS rule is not helping at all, i wish you could do something about it",

"Very good and clear rules regulations.. also a good dashboard, I think OFP will be a good instant funding pro fund ever...",

"good service",

"Omg. I have never seen a more fraudulent company than this company in my life. They suspended my account for martingale when I never did. I showed them screenshot evidence from match trader that showed that I never martingaled. But these useless firm refused to reinstate my account. I made over $1800 in profit and then they fabricated a trade that’s my own even when my order history showed otherwise. Just run away from these company. I sent them various screenshots to show that I actually entered the same lot size for all the trades. 0.02 was the lot size I entered at those times they said I martingaled. The reason it came up as martingale was because I closed some of the trades in profits partially. Since when did closing partially become martingale. They are being so unreasonable and don’t even care atall. They even stopped responding. Just run away from these useless firms cause they’ll take your money and fabricate your account for what you didn’t do when they see that you are profitable. It’s really hurtful cause I had made profit and I made sure not to break any rules. Even more hurtful cause I did not break the rules. I showed them all the screenshots and asked them to check the trade ID and see that I truly did not break the rules but they are so unreasonable. This is absolutely unfair. I’m considering suing the company because I honestly have the evidence that I did not break the rule.

I have provided all the evidence in your respective emails. Yet you keep insisting. Check your emails. I told you to check the trade ID as each order has unique trade ID. But there are 2 orders with the same trade ID and that was because one part was closed partially in profit which was the part you guys highlighted as martingale. The one that was closed partially. I showed you guys the open order and it was clearly he same as the other ones I entered",

"In fact I dont want to give any rating at all...They are not a genuine prop trading firm and forcing you to have TVS (Total value score) which is if you buy 10,000 account and on demand pay out with 3% MDL, 6% ML, 12% TVS and 80% pay out...You need to make highest profit of any single day and next 8 days below that highest profit so you can request for a pay out....Is it something hold ground in legal way? I am not sure...I am quite unhappy and thought once I reach 12% TVS i.e. $1,200 profit, I can request for a pay out of $960 but this is quite different methodology. Pls be cautious on these trading rules before buying the account...",

"This Trader value rule is wack..
Even if it must be there, why should it be a daily metric.
That rule is not transparent, neither is it for all type of consistent traders..
Consistency doesn't mean limiting the profits one makes by taking genuine risks..
It should rather be calculated based on individual trades not days..
Your trader value score is not cool at all..",

"Hi

I am in initial stage of OFB Funding still now it's looks good will update after one month my review completely",

"Hello My Follow Traders..

Just to let the whole world know! There was an issue I reported here on Trustpilot about OFPFunding about my transaction been successfully wen I wanted to purchase an acct from them, But they didn't receive the funds, After a proper verification from my end and theirs it was concluded they didn't receive the funds it was a lost of funds due to the fact that the time got expired, They also gave me a 40% discount coupon for another purchase to show they also care about it and feel sorry for the inconvenient this have cause me. Thank you very much to the support manager and their online live chat that attended to me, it was a very stressful time for both path...I so much appreciate u guys in resolving this issue, I look forward in working with your company, God bless u.",

"Had a quick chat with George, who answered in a very friendly and helpful manner my question about the TVR score. Thanks!",

"Team is very responsive... I appreciate it.
Giving 3 star for following 2 reason which i personally dont think is good.

1. Trader Value Score should be atleast 25 % for consistency..

2. Its gambling rule is based on lot size traded.. Not on risk taken.. For example, if i trade in EurUsd 0.3 lot with 20 pip SL total risk taken 60 dollars, now in another trade I trade same pair with 1 lot with SL of 6 pip again risk taken is 60 dollars.. Here i took same consistent risk of 60 dollars according to my strategy but OFPfunding is considering this as a gambling... Which should not be there.. Gambling should be considering on basis of risk taken on trades not on lot",

"Conozco a la empresa años, he operado cuentas de 25K, 50k y pude cobrar pagos, hoy a la fecha lamentablemente luego de que invertí en dos cuentas de 100k(con repartición del 80%) me negaron el pago dos veces, el primero fue por una excusa llamada "variación significativa de lotaje" osea por haber usado operaciones con lotajes diferentes , cosa que tiene explicacion al tener tamaño de SL variados(unas veces chicos y otras veces mas grandes, pero siempre dentro un mismo riesgo por operacion) yo buscaba mi lotaje total por operacion, entonces me negaron en una cuenta 2300usd y en la otra 2280usd por esa excusa de los lotajes en cada cuenta(ya que yo manejo las dos cuentas igual), me dijeron que me negaban el pago pero podía seguir operando y si alcanzaba ganancias en el siguiente mes me pagarían lo de ese nuevo mes mas no lo negado anteriormente, a pesar de eso decidí seguir operando para mostrarles que soy rentable y que esta vez solo usaría un mismo lotaje para que no tengan mas excusas de negarme un siguiente pago, a falta de 9 días para la fecha de mi pago me dicen que mis cuentas han sido violadas por usar HEIDING(cobertura), cosa en la que mi estrategia no esta basada, simplemente errores manuales de digitación hicieron estas operaciones simultaneas a la vez, por lo que esta vez cada cuenta tenia por cobrar 4680usd y la segunda 4500usd, solicite por correo(jatrojas07@gm???ail.???com) que se descuenten estas operaciones y que sean razonables porque esta vez era el segundo pago que me negarían pero nunca respondieron, solo asumo que para cuentas grandes hacen esas jugadas. Les dejo mis cuentas auditadas(quitenle los ??? y podran verlos) ó quienes deseen comprobar lo que digo escríbanme al correo mencionado lineas arriba para mostrarles la rentabiidad obtenida.

Cuenta 1
https???://www???.myfxbook.???com/members/JT87FX/jt-ofp100k1/11051232

Cuenta 2
https???://www???.myfxbook.???com/members/JT87FX/jt-ofp100k2/11051234

He vuelto a mandar hoy 19-08-24 un nuevo correo al soporte para la revisión de las cuentas 1000763 y 1000658, según la respuesta que me brinden ire comentando por este medio.",

"I've literally not used their service before..but I have a complaint while I tried to purchase their service. It's so sad they use a KYC partner site that wouldn't verify my identity and assume me fake 'cause I can't provide expensive documents LoL. I'm from Nigeria, and our general means of identification is our National Identification Number (NIN) Document. But their KYC partner site (Veriff) won't accept it instead they're requesting for a Drivers License, International Passport or Voters card to verify my Identity! The last time I checked, the verification is an Identity Verification Requirement. Not a Verification if I could drive, Travel internationally or if I could Vote! It's so crazy how you reject my NATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER DOCUMENT (NIN) for a Voters Card number or International Passport or Drivers License. I don't have a Car talkmore of the license to drive one neither have I traveled abroad before to have a international passport. So why don't you guys just make things easier. Maybe you communicate this with your KYC partner site or Transition to a different one that would Verify our Identity as a citizen of our country not try to verify if we can drive, vote, or travel internationally this makes no sense. I saw OFP's ad on Instagram and I'm like whoa instant funding really? Since I won't have to undergo any hectic challenge to get funded and rather get access to funding immediately after purchase was the reason I tried checking them out. I signed up and had to verify my KYC before I purchased an account this morning. Since I figured it won't verify me and rather call me a robot cause I can proof my identity as a Nigerian but can't proof my right to drive, vote or travel internationally LoL 😂 reason i didn't bother purchasing the account anymore. I actually reached out through their live chat and their support team said their KYC partner site doesn't accept our NATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER DOCUMENT (NIN) even though we'd be taking a selfie right after. I just can't imagine...

One thing for you all at OFP Team, Yes you may not need my little change, but you lost a customer today. I suppose you'd understand..please and please I'd appreciate you all at OFP consider we Nigerians and Verify our Identity as Citizens/Humans and not our rights to drive, vote or travel internationally. Thanks in anticipation for considering my concern with your service.",

"dont not got with them there vts is terrible and limit to what you aload to have of your money. worst firm ive ever come acroos",

"Profit margins like no other. Get your instant account without challenges",

"They denied my payment .I have abide all the rules still the blocked my payments",

"Great company good support
But the TVR rule percentage is too low",

"Traded according to all their rules, And yet imputes to me a fault I did not commit,",

"Very good experience",

"Scam do not buy. My account got closed for illegal violations when I wasn’t even trading. My account was closed for hedging when I never ever did a single hedged trade",

"cảm ơn bạn dã giải quyết vấn đề tôi gặp phải",

"I lost my account over an alleged "Martingale" violation.

Their rules say you get 2 warnings and on the 3rd time your account is closed.

On the 2nd of August I opened 3 trades for XAUUSD, 3 different lot sizes. This was their explanation for the violation:

"The account was flagged for martingale
The lot size were increased
As an explanation, Martingale trading is adding a higher lot size (increasing) the lot size, while any position on the same symbol, in the same direction is in loss, negative. Kindly note that it doesn’t matter the amount of loss the previous/most recent position is in. As long as it’s in loss and a bigger lot size is opened on the same symbol and same direction. This falls under martingale violation. You may open a position with the same lot size while in loss or a smaller lot size than your most recent position. If you want to open a position with a bigger size. Your most recent position should be in positive/profit or closed."

I explained I opened 3 trades one after the other not thinking about whether the previous positions were in profit or not, and proceeded to remind them that this had only happened this once. That this should count as a warning, not a violation, as they claim you get 2 warnings first.

Then support said that all trades happened on the same day, so that was it. Those were my 3 chances?!!!

In other words they say you get 2 warnings first but you don't. Account was closed on first violation, a violation that I wasn't even aware of until 3 days later when out of the blue it showed my account was violated.

It's a shame as this prop firm has a lot of potential, this has really put me off. This should have been a warning, as they say this would be, instead of arbitrarily closing my account on the very first violation.

Yes, all trades happened on the same day, but there was only 1 Martingale violation. Unless there is more than one trade there can't be a Martingale violation to begin with.

Update: I never heard back from support. They never looked into this issue even though they commented they would here. This company is either dishonest or inconsiderate to their traders... or both.

A huge disappointment. They have a model that could turn them into the biggest prop firm out there but if they keep operating this way their reputation will keep tanking. I can already see general score has gone from 4.2 (when I found them) to 3.9 at the time of writing this update.",

"My experience has been made great because of the consistency aimed rule of payout of the Trader value index which is courages consistency",

"The Prop firm OFP funding is very very good prop firm",

"After making profit, i cant withdraw
they keep telling me i have not not reached my % TVS , which was not part of the rules stated",

"Don't listen to the bot reviews, I am a trader and I wouldn't recommend due to their badly motivated 'TVR' rule, they basically call it their way of tracking consistency in traders and you have to be under the TVR% to request any payouts. This 'innovative' rule is mainly affected by the amount of Daily Drawdown (DD) you want on the account. If you buy the most expensive (5% DD) the TVR is 20%, so I worked out that means you have to make aleast 17.5% profit in order to get a withdrawal. If you are a trader then you know this means you have to be aggressive; being aggressive + small account + wanting more money = blowing account + more money spent on blown accounts = more money for CEO. Or you can consistently trade for a few years and then get a payout I guess. And the TVR for the cheapest account 3% DD is 12% which means more...
Without them being money hungry with this TVR, it would be a great firm maybe just add a 5% prof target rule instead. Be safe peeps, bless.",

"Horrible company. Instant withdrawal? They have a rule of your biggest winning day being less than 20% of total profits accrued, and minimum 4 day rule. Avoid at all costs. Their rules are there without your knowledge, and they are only there to make you fail and not get paid. Absolute crap company. Stick to the real reputable funded accounts to avoid these headaches!",

"SCAMMER
Don't trust this company just want to take your money and they come with excecus to not paying you be careful before buying any.",

"so great company the best.
momo93",

"SCAMED!!!!!!!!
This is second time OFP says to me.
Always use an not objective reason "your profits were made by taking advantage of a feed delay" to not pay profits to traders,
I found out that many people have had to endure the same reason.

So TRADER, you buy an account, you trade,
And after having profit, you will got above reason to not receive payment.
You are losing money in terrible way.
I write this review for you. Not for 1* Propfilm",

"Good for the instant trading but they should increase the tvs score",

"I thought I have finally found some real gem
In this scam industry but again really disappointed!

I dedicatedly traded in ofp account and just when I wanted payout , their dashboard wrongly says martingale! I always open two trades with different lot for tp1 and tp2 and they have added random trade as martingale.
If this is martingale , then all trades should have been marked the same from starting bt I have been using it from 2 months and just before payout this is what their dashboard says!
Everyone in customer service says team will check and review but why does this happens before payout order only??

Really disappointed ! 1000519 is my account !",

"Good explanation .
Reply in 1min.
Good and warm reception.",

"OFP is one of best instant funding firms, their rules are simple be consistent don’t break the rules and you are good to go, and recently their new tailored account is great you can choose daily profit loss percentage besides the payment options i:e monthly, bi weekly and on-demand so there is more flexibility to choose what type of account you want. And not to mention their support is also great they are always available to help.
Great firm 👌👌👌",

"Ofp has found the single best way to measure traders consistency and give traders instant access to trading equity without doing challenges incorporating a system that makes it accessible to all traders through the customizable accounts . It embodies what a true propfirm should be making it the best I've come across so far.",

"Genuine and honest firm....
Supportive, staff
Fair rules
Thank you ofp ...",

"Ofp is doing an amazing job guys!!
Imagine not having to pass through a challenge! Yet still have very flexible rules as compared to those of the evaluation companies!! .",

"Yusirat at OFP is awesome !! 👌",

"AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE AND AMAZING FUNDED ACCOUNTS!!! i've been trading for 2 years using different prop firm and i would say that OFP Funding is the best, this is the only prop firm who provides freedom to customize your own funded trading account, and the customer service is the BEST! they respond quickly in my query.",

"They will find every way to refuse your payout, even if there are errors on their part. They will add ridiculous trading rules that they did not put in place when we made the purchase in the first place.
If you are planning to buy an account, think carefully, they will do everything to make your payout evaporate.",

"Rapidez, sencillez en el pago.

Hubo molestia con las credenciales porque no funcionan y toca ingresar de otra manera.",

"I love ofp, simple rules, no stress for profit target, just reduce the risk and respect the firm, you will be profitable 🎯",

"After I was unhappy with the quality of trade execution & some features with the new cTrader platform I asked if this could be swapped to the Match Trader platform. Unfortunately this was not available.

I must admit the Online Chat is quite quick, certainly better than being on the phone, but unfortunately responses can be quite poor & get to a dead end quickly

I noticed the trade execution time was quite a bit slower on cTrader vs Match Trader, and spreads seemed hugely different, as OFP had advertised cTrader was the best.
I'm not sure but this seemed drastically slower than Match Trader

I asked them for OFP's complaints procedure, given this is required by law in the UK, I was surprised that they didnt respond whether via their support Email or online Chat both of which I messaged on more than occassion

I wanted to follow up further and if no response after 8 weeks then I will be putting in a complaint to the Financial Ombudsman as I feel this was false advertising about the quality of cTrader and poor customer service that they did not atleast give a partial refund or offer to give discount on buying another account.

Now yes OFP.. I understand that a refund or swap would have been possible if I hadn't used or placed a trade (according to the refund policy) yet how would I have known about the poor trade execution and reality of the spreads unless I had placed trades?

This seems illogical, invalid and possibly against the UK 7 or 14 day returns legislation.

Denying of where or how to make an offical complaint to the company is against UK law

I look forward to hearing from you so that I may be able to put a formal complaint to OFP and follow it up if needed with action to the Financial Ombudsman (FCA.gov)

Update (A reply to OFP's reply)
I have a (marketing) email saying that the new cTrader platform is managed all in house? Which does seem to go against your reply below. I had to ask a few times but finally got your complaints procedure from OFP chat, but when I said I had an issue as an 'active' customer you couldn't seem to help me, yet when I was asking info about purchasing an account I then got a response.. Now I may have been unfortunate to who replied to me but this is what I would consider poor customer service, unfortunately.

Also I got info from your chat that only 3 traders (thats 3.0 for people reading) have had payouts consistently over 12 months, and that currently payouts were at 14% of accounts purchased. Now I appreciate the risks and issues involved but I feel this needed to be highlighed to others before purchasing, whether what you do as a company can improve this for people I dont know but I think its worth others knowing",

"At the beginning I was sceptical, after some initial hitches in understanding some rules well everything went well as the first payment, now I hope to continue because if what I saw turns out we could find ourselves faced with a large propfirm. The fact of not having to doing challenges helps a lot",

"I just came across your website and am impressed. Looking to sign up an account today",

"bad server, tvs very worse than the profit target. becarefull with this company",

"This prop firm said my strategy is no consistency lot size because I place 0.11 lot btc and 3.4 lot eth.
The price of btc is 60k and eth is 3k so to manage risk, I must calculated risk per trade so lot size is different. They don't understand the gap of crypto price.",

"Worst experience with OFP. They will forcefully make u fail by changing spreads or delaying execution. Apart from that TVF rule is a nightmare",

"SCAMED!!!!!!!!
Always use an not objective reason "your profits were made by taking advantage of a feed delay" to not pay profits to traders, many people have had to endure the same reason.",

"made good profits, then i had with sl placed a dd of 2.7% on a 3% max DD challenge.
Even though balance after closure reflected that, my challenge was marked as failed, and support wasn't willing to assist at all either.

Lost 1.2k challenge price + 45k in profits without any reason, pure scam...",

"Poor Service",

"Oldukça güzel",

"This is one of the worst funding sites I have ever seen. All the rules will only apply when some one is about to with draw their funds. They will never let u know before hand the rules or disclose on once dashboard. So, stay away from this site.",

"the customer service so far has been very good. very helpful",

"Big fraud,

when you are in profit all CHEAP things and all the rules to stop paying you. and when you have all the proof to fight at last they will ask to wait for the tech team email i am waiting for the tech team email to clarify the violations for last 20days.
There price are less so you will buy the account and then forget about money and payout.
save time and money guys.
don't be fool with the cheap price and cheap fraud company.
BE AWARE.",

"I was very cautious when trying OFP so I created a small account to test them out, there is no challenge to pass to get your funded account, however you do need to meet the consistency rule in order to receive a payout, it can be tempting to go in bigger on big moves, but staying consistent with your daily PnL pays off in the long run here.

I achieved my first payout today, I was contacted first thing this morning saying that I had reached the payout threshold and the money was in my bank account within 2 hours (UK bank transfer). I wanted to wait to receive a payout before posting any review and I am very happy to have chosen OFP to trade with.",

"ottimo su tutto
non posso lamentarmi mi risolvono qualsiasi problema",

"My account details was delivered within one minute of purchase, and the platform provides a seamless trading experience for me.... No delay in trade execution",

"Buena empresa",

"Hola, después de un tiempo operando igual, veo en mi dashboard un warning de haber hecho gambling (apuestas). Opero forex, siempre 0.30 lotes, salvo cuando opero algún nuevo activo que opero 0.01 para ver como corre el pip, y retiro parciales, cosa que se puede hacer (confirmo con correos), y cuando opero materias primas o índices, opero según el pip, 10 onzas en oro y 1 o 2 lotes en US30, que es lo mínimo que se puede operar. Bueno, pues me avisan que eso es apuesta, que venga Dios y lo vea. esta es mi experiencia de momento, a la espera de fecha de cobro. Ya contaré como me va. De momento con enfado, pues llevo meses operando y me avisan ahora.",

"OFP is 1000% SCAM, do not trust them, everything will work smoothly till the day payout, and they come up with a "Risk team" with their fake and inappropriate reviews. they don't even know the point size and point value of each asset, or they pretend they don't know, and they send you the screenshots that compare your positions with sizing issues, however sizing issues or sizing rules are not displayed anywhere on their website to clients dashboard, but at that time they will pull out their terms and conditions, and say we don't have specific rule on sizing issue, it is not our rule, but we don't accept the drastic change in sizing, and it our recommendation and idea to our traders to keep the good sizing behavior.
so, is it a rule or not?
In conclusion, OFP doesn't pay, even if you did not fail any of their rules, they will come up with a new rule, an idea, or a recommendation that they even know for sure that is not a rule of theirs.",

"George was nice to me and very helpfull with all the silly questions.",

"Llevo ya 3 meses trabajando con ellos y hasta el momento super contento con su responsabilidad a la hora de los pagos y el soporte técnico. Sobretodo con Raudel que es una persona que a cualquiera hora del dia te contesta y resuelve tus dudas.
Al principio me costó entender la reglas pero una vez dada con la clave, hasta el momento ningun problema a la hora de cobrar. Y el pago en el mismo dia lo tenia en mi cuenta bancaria.",

"It Has to be one of the worst prop firms of all Time. You start trading with them, Don't break any rules, Hit profit targets, and don't make any losses.

GUESS WHAT?

PAYOUT DENIED
WE CAN NOT PAY YOU OUT DUE TO THIS XXXXX EXCUSE, SORRY, BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME, HERE'S A DISCOUNT TO REBUY OUR FUNDED ACCOUNT

MY NAME IS ABDIRAHMAN OMAR
I'LL BE PUTTING UP A VIDEO SOON ON FOREX PROP REVIEWS, THE 5 STAR REVIEWS ARE FAKES DON'T BELIEVE THEM
THIS COMPANY IM ASSUMING A CREDIT CARD SCAMMING COMPANY NO TITLE TO DO BUSSINESS IN THE 1ST WORLD

STAY AWAAAAAAY FROM OFP FUNDING",

"OFP Funding has made Instant Funding affordable for traders like myself. I couldn't afford instant funding elsewhere but OFP made their account sizes customizable based on my trading style demands and budget which made it possible for me to continue my trading journey today. The staff is also quite timely in responding to my questions which is of high priority to me and all trader I'm sure.",

"The TVS score is ridiculous and will likely not make eligible for a payout. My account is currently in profit and I have an on demand withdrawal option. However, I cannot withdraw as my TVS score is too high. What a waste of money and time!",

"TVS
MAX TRADER VALUE SCORE
25 %
HIGHEST PROFIT IN A DAY
$2,100.00
TOTAL ACCOUNT PROFIT
$1,529.50
137.30% / 100%
This was my TVS. OFP's support response is that in order to withdraw I must take out 4 times my profit level to be able to withdraw because of their parameter (TVS). But when you buy your pass they don't give you information about this.",

"Dosent support country like iraq without any reason",

"Eloignezstay away from this propfirm it puts strange conditions and rules just to make you lose I had an account with them and just because I shared my entries in 3 positions they closed my account telling me that you have using a prohibited strategy when it is necessary I just shared my entries so as not to lose the movement in case it does not reach my point of entry I will no longer trust this propfirm",

"Please be careful with this company, i found out that there are two companies called starsfunding and rfp funding and then i saw that they are the same dashboard,same prices , even the same hosting company with ofp funding , all these 3 companies are claiming that they are hosted by fintiknology , then i contacted with ofp funding to know more about other 2 probfirms , they refused to provide me informations about those",

"Transparency and quality of support service. Excelente accounts with raw spread for forex trading.",

"This company is fraudulent and it's a scam. A friend traded the first Month (April 2024) after he bought at account and when it's was day to payout they said he broke their rules by trading different lot sizes and he was told that they would close his account if it happens again. The next month (May 2024) he made a profit of $3.6k and they refused him his payout with different excuses of trade reviews that never comes to an end. Because he kept requesting a payout they blocked him from their platform",

"They wrote in their description: If any account is seen to be using unfair strategies or an unrealistic trading style their account will be suspended.

That is really an idiotic rule. Why? Because with this statement, OFP can close every account which is in profit, if they don‘t want to make payouts.

The worst case is, that they marker your account as „gambling“. 1. you can trade without a Stop-Loss. 2. if you See the Trade is going against you und you use the chance to go out of this Trade with no los, but with 10 USD, they they marker your account as „gambling“.

But there is no gambling, because you rescued the money. In this case they want to See that you close your trade in loss.

I know, that they will answer with ignorance and only „Blabla“ in the same way as they have done with the other ratings with one star.

Draw your own conclusion! Be carefull!",

"Fast, correct and very friendly, I will continue to count on your attention.",

"I am speechless! Two days ago, I received two separate emails from OFP regarding hedging and martingale violations. What confuses me is that I received the payout on 14/06. Violations happened before 07/06, in the payout email, I got a one time warning of violation and was notified that if it happens again, my account would be closed. Since then, I frequently monitor my account and Hedging/Martingale violation always shows “0”.

Now my account was suddenly closed because of the violation. Why did they make the payout then? when I requested a payout on 11/06, it showed "0" violation in my account, why? You know, from 11 to 14 June, they spent three days reviewing and investigating my account. Speechless! They change their rules arbitrarily. Is it intentionally misleading?

Detailed Information:
11/06, one of the OFP staff helped me with the payout request. I sent the support team a screenshot of “0” violation on that day.

14/06, I received my first payout with a one time warning about hedging behaviour. I was told that if such trading behaviour occurred again, my account could be closed.

26/06, my account was closed. The reason was hedging and martingale violation. The latest violation date provided was 07/06/2024.",

"OFP really a SCAM like MFF.
This's the 4th time and lastime also I write review for OFP. Yes, my fist time they payed out me on time like others, then I bought 4 more accounts, Of course this is a trick for you to buy new accounts. I spent some months then get pay out but OFP did not do it. They give so many reasons like: slow system, risk team was analysing....... without feedback to me. 28 next days finished they even didn't email me any information. I continue to trade untill now, got profit and wait for pay out, OFP stated that my trading strategy is illegal while I trade only currency such as GBPUSD, EURUSD...what ?????
so the last time I advise new trader if you see my comment please stay far away OFP and don't purchase any money with OFP because OFP will die soon and you will loss your money soon with them.",

"Services très Professionnel ,

J'ai rarement vue un services client aussi réactif et professionnel , c'est impressionnant",

"Amazing work",

"Hi,
I am very happy with ofp because my friend refer InshAllah I will get soon profit. According to my friend ofp very nice company he already received payout.",

"Is very bug in ofp funding websites it takes long time to enter clients area!!!!! Very disappointed",

"Estafa pura y dura. Primero me la liaron con spread y ahora me quitan la cuenta por hacer martingala, yo hago reentradas con mismo lotaje que pone que se puede hacer, ESTAFA PURA Y DURA como la cuenta esta en positivo logico una estafa piramidal. Puedo enseñar todo sin tapujos.",

"Scam. First they reduce prices to attract money, then they update 2 rules (gambling and Illegal strategies) to refuse payments.",

"The company is preparing a scam now. I opened a sale deal on gold at a price of 2325 with a contract of 0.10 and I set the stop loss at 2329. The price moved down 10 points, so I went to watch the deal. I was in profit, and I found the deal closed with a loss of $393. The stop price of the deal was 2364, which it did not reach. Gold today
My account number is 401168",

"i purchased the account and they give the match-trader platform which is restricted in the usa. i'm in hawaii so it is not working for me. i'm currently have one with them and it is with ctrader platform which work fine. i asked them to switch me to ctrader but refused. i ask for cancellation and they said can't do that either. you guys tell if this is not a scam.",

"prop che ho provato per caso, in quanto non si doveva superare nessuna sfida.
Devo dire che sono rimasto molto soddisfatto sia dal servizio clienti che dal pagamento che entro due giorni dalla richiesta è arrivato sul mio wallet.
In conclusione la consiglio sicuramente e spero che continuino così.TOP",

"Everything is as expected.
No problems detected and we are very satisfied with the deliverd service.",

"June 06-24

Very unhappy with their so called risk team as they do not know how to analyse what is high frequent trading and martingale,illigal strategies.....I changed my strategy from the 1hr timeframe to the 1min time frame and all my trades that I made profits where open for more then 5minutes which is not high frequent trading, secondary when i did close a trade was always for a small loss as it no longer fit my stretgie....3rd I did 1 abritrage accidently and was accused of doing it 2 or martingale which is false as I have all my pictures and screen recording....BEWARE, I was played with MFF and now OFP...WILL NOT RECOMMENT TO MY PEERS....get a new Risk Team-i had 2 accounts for 3months and when i changed to a more profitable strategy i get accused of multiple rule breaking...I'm not new at trading and not stupid",

"Had picked March-trader instead of C-Trader. They were able to switch to my preferred option quickly. Thanks to the customer service department.",

"Great customer service from alll the team very quick to respond, and a model of funding that encourages consistency",

"OFP Funding giving great opportunity for beginner traders like me, because i recently purchased 10k instead funding account with 50% offer , none of the firm given this price that too instead funding account , i hope i will utilize this opportunity in proper manner to make good profit.
Thanks to OFP FUNDING",

"سلام
و برای کاربران فارسی ایران قابل استفاده بهتر قرار گیرد
ممنون و سپاسگذار میشم",

"i would like to introduce most trust prop firm in industry one of the best one is OFP is best",

"I have been using ofp..there are very genuine on prop firm.. I'm very satisfied.. Good staff handle customer.. Very recommended prop firm 👍👍..",

"Esta empresa es muy buena, el servidor muy atento y dispuesto a solucionar, las reglas sencilla sin letras pequeñas, y pagan, la recomiendo",

"La mejor empresa. Muy contento con los resultados y mis retiros",

"OFP stands out as a top-tier proprietary trading firm, offering an exceptional blend of support, resources, and financial backing for traders at all experience levels.

The only Con:

Limited Withdrawal Frequency: The firm has a structured withdrawal schedule, which may not be ideal for traders who prefer more flexible access to their earnings.

Overall OFP excels in creating a supportive and resource-rich environment for traders.

Mughees Muhammad",

"The experience here has been great. Management is well organized and lots of options for phases and costs. Would definitely recommend to any FX Trader looking for something stable in these still somewhat uncharted times",

"Looks like a good prop firm",

"Good prop, i try to get full location all that profirm",

"Empresa confiable, responden mis inquietudes y mejoran constantemente para brindar un mejor servicio",

"OFP is the best propfirm in the world ❤️... Thanks alot support team for always helping me ❤️",

"Very nice fine",

"I have used this Company, they pay.....but have a couple of different rules from other Prop Firms, such as, their Consistency Rule. You may be in profit and want a payout but your profits are not constant. If you make $200 per day then no problem with this rule, but if you make $500 one day and $50 the next, this Rule will penalize you. Make sure you understand the implications of this Rule.
Another issue is they do not use MT4 or MT5.
Final issue is they do not allow you to use a Copy Trader to trade from another Broker or Prop Firm. This is an issue for me as I have accounts with other Prop Firms and would just like to copy these onto my OPF account.
Otherwise OFP Funding is considered safe and will pay
The Cruising Trader",

"Very well put servey trustworthy company as I've heard from couple friends",

"It will be my first time using OFP Funding I never use it before.
It will be a great opportunity to win funded account because I don't give up trading forex or going and checking market everyday just to be updated even if I don't trade.
I really want to experience market with OFP Funding in anytime given time I'll embrace it.",

"100 % legit site for funding.",

"I had an account with ofp, the spreads and execution speed is great, pretty much instant would recommend 10/10",

"Because the account is easy to use and its rules are very good in all the plans",

"Contests for anyone to win.
Chance to earn income for free.
Free Income

5 stars.",

"Transparency is the key - no hidden agenda. Simple rules to follow which allows traders set their strategies comfortably to ensure they don’t violate the rules.",

"That’s what I am looking for my interest on your platform😌",

"Avoid the troubles of passing a challenge and get direct a funded account with low spread great job thanks.",

"They're a good prop firm that actually look out for their traders. I like that they do everything to satisfy their traders and give us the best experience.",

"I found this is cool with what it provides to us traders... Getting funded instantly boost my confidence in trading.",

"I'm so excited for being part of OFP Funding company and everything including information is legit and much more exciting is how discounts are and they are fairly well to use them as stated.",

"Is a good opportunity to start the trading journey, but this company should integrate better condition share profits and the drawdown",

"Best broker that I ever used and highly recommended",

"Realice diversas consultas acerca de la regla de valor y recibí satisfactoriamente las respuestas de manera exitosa y rápida lo cual demuestra el nivel de conocimiento y confianza en las personas que te atienden",

"Es bueno la empresa de lo mejor por eso le doy 5 estrellas",

"OFP Funding is the best place for traders
this is the one stop solution for all your trading requirements
no need to pass two step, three step challenges,
you get instant funded account without any hiccups
and if you are a consistent trader who trades with proper risk management
then all you need is OFP Funding
Revolution of this industry 👑",

"I like their pricing on different for different profit sharing model . It is affordable which makes it easy for traders to afford to trade on well funded account as they look for more capital",

"The process of acquiring a funded trading account is relatively straightforward yet rigorous.",

"They explain everything to you in the most simple way possible. Which I feel is important for a new trader. Also their discounts are amazing and they have accounts that suits the average persons pocket",

"i think its best propfirm i ever know . and its service better .",

"The funding account offers by them is very reasonable and for affordable prices..Payout options also very comfortable for traders when compared to other prop forms and it gives more confident to traders..",

"I found them geniune one
~SARTHAK",

"I received payout once. The money was credited back to my credit card after 3 days.

However after that, due to my mistakes, I don't make profit anymore. Anyways, I love the journey of OFP and watching it grow overtime.",

"Las reglas estaban claras. Realmente perdí la cuenta por mala racha de mi parte. Sólo sería esperar y volver a probar. Sí está buena la opción del fondeo instantáneo",

"its great firm funding discount best ever seen before",

"Được cấp vốn trực tiếp, không phải trải qua các bước đánh giá",

"It's really a great company. Company employees are very helpful.",

"They are scammers don’t waste your hard earn money buying account with them.

Don’t fall for their discount code to buy account, they are all strategy.

I bought an account which cost me almost $1000. All of a sudden they send an email stating they will not be using blueberry market and will migrate us to a new platform. They send out credentials for the new platform.

I thought everything was going fine until time for my payout, I was told my account was terminated because it was inactive. When I contacted customer service they couldn’t give me a proper explanation and was very rude.

No matter the profit you trade, they won’t pay you. Don’t mind all the positive reviews, they are paid for and organise within them.

They will tell you violate IP rules, use more than one device, violate trading strategy, inactive account, even close your account, etc.

Please guys OFP will not pay you and I advise you make a proper research and settle with a very good paying prop firm.

All you criminals behind OFP will be caught and punished for your crimes.",

"Scammers have a basis. ! always find a way to refuse payment under any conditions. intentionally falsifying the dashboard will then catch the trader at fault despite asking clearly about the problem. Customer support attitude always avoids key questions. Everyone please stay away from this scam company. No matter how good your deal is you can't get their money",

"MUY BUENA PROP FIRM. CON UN POCO DE DEMORA PERO RECIBI MI PAGO AL FIN. SON COSAS A MEJORAR PORQUE ENTIENDO QUE SON RELATIVAMENTE NUEVOS EN EL NEGOCIO. CON RESPECTO AL LAS REGLAS SON LAS MISMAS QUE EL 90% Y LA REGLA DEL COMERCIANTE ES BASTANTE RAZONABLE, DEMANDA UN POCO MAS PLAN DE TRADING, PERO ES REALIZABLE. A MEJORAR,, SERIAN COSAS COMO LA ACTUALIZACION DE LA DASHBOARD CON RESPECTO A MEDIOS DE PAGOS COMO RISE Y TODAVIA OFRECEN MT4 Y MT5, SIENDO QUE YA NO ESTAN DISPONIBLES DICHAS PLATAFORMAS. EL RESTO MUY BIEN!!!!!",

"Difficult to see the scam at the beginning.
I can say, if you are not a profitable tader, you will see noting. Because OFP will let you fail.
But if you are profitable and consistant trader, you will start to understand the scam step by step.
More OFP understand you are consistant, more they will transform your trading to a difficult job.
Bad dashboard.
Bad trading conditions : you have to limite your big win day to 25% of total profit.
Bad support.
Bad spreads (don't relay to the spreads communicated in ofp website, reality is on trading plateformes).
If you are a profitable trader ofp will find a way to not give you a payout.
Business model supported by the traders fail only.
They put uk address of their office in the website. It can be true. But also it is possible that they are located in myanmar.
Forget to try.",

"Account price and excellent trading conditions as well as leverage",

"Tôi có đơn hàng khi mua 2 tài khoản. Nhưng hệ thống lỗi chỉ cấp cho tôi 1 tài khoản. Mặc dù tôi đã cung cấp đủ thông tin cụ thể lỗi
Nhưng khi liên hệ đội ngũ hỗ trợ từ ngày 03/05 đến hiện tại vẫn chưa được xử lý.
Quỹ này có dấu hiệu lừa đảo!!!!!!!!
Mọi người cân nhắc khi tham gia",

"This company is redducolus giving bribe in shape of discounts to improve there rating instead of improving there service they just made my brech3d with a nonsense reason hope not to join this company again",

"ofp is a scam. I have qualified for payout. When making the request, ofp found a reason to say I was in violation. I spent more than 400usd to buy an ondemand account. Stay away from them and report to the police in the UK.",

"My second time around. and it was even more seamless than the first experience. Unbelievable service! Thank you.",

"This fund deliberately tried every way to not pay out my account.
Specifically, they gave the reason I took advantage of the delay in data supply, including losing orders.",

"The 1 star reviews made me worried that they might scam me. But those people just broke the rules and are talking nonsense. Ofp paid me. They will pay you if you follow their rules",

"If there was a way to rate OFP with no stars I would. I started my journey with OFP February 23rd of 2024. I lost a couple of accounts because I didn't understand their rules. When I finally understood their accounts and started trading, using strategies that they acknowledge are legitimate, they denied me a payout when I was due one. No matter what I said or did they stood firm and did not pay me out. They then gave me a new account on a different platform and I traded that one too. When it was time for me to get my payout for this account as well, they denied me a payout once again, coming up with vague and ambiguous reasons to deny my payout. When I challenged them on their reasons they stopped communicating with me altogether. OFP to me is a fraudulent firm and they do everything they can to prevent traders from being paid out. In both instances when they denied my payouts, they flexed me as one of the top performers on their leaderboard and yet when I requested payouts (a process that typically takes 24 hours), they took almost a week to respond and then always ended up breaching my account after the fact offering spurious reasons for doing so.

This is not an organization I would recommend to even my worst enemy because all they want to do is take your money and then when you're due payouts come up with unfounded reasons to breach your account and deny your payout.",

"quiero saber mas sobre la regla del comerciante, la entiendo como que no debo de superar el 25% de cuenta, para poder retirar alguien me podria aclarar.",

"Scammers of the highest order. Do not trust the 5 star reviews. They regularly run a campaign offering opportunity to win free accounts for leaving a review on TrustPilot. Read the 1 and 2 star reviews for the truth of this Company.

Many traders, myself included have been refused payouts based on some dreamt up reasons. They falsely accuse traders of abusing slow data feeds, something traders cannot control. They refused my payout of over 4000 USD, accusing me of abusing lot sizes. How can I be abusing lot sizes when my trading risk is between 0.5%-1%?

To make matters worst, they have started to migrate traders from MT4/5 to cTrader and MatchTrader. These platforms are completely different from MT4/5, so unless you already have experience of these platforms, it is reckless to start trading for real on these, as no doubt mistakes will happen, which will either result in loss of payout or account closure. Yet, they fail to acknowledge this as an issue and refuse to refund the accounts, which they must do as these new platforms is not what most traders signed up for.

No doubt, they will respond to this review with reference to their trader agreement, and claims to paying out etc. Their trader agreement is a piece of garbage written probably by a school leaver as critical parts of it are so vague and subject to individual interpretation.

Anyway, not going to waste people's time with a lengthy review, but I would say, avoid this firm at all costs. Read the 1 star reviews. Join their Discord and see for yourself what issues other traders are having. They claim they are the best funding firm. They are not. If you know how to trade, it is best to go with a futures prop firm where you can get same size accounts for a fraction of the cost, and after completing the single phase challenge, get access to REAL funds, not some demo garbage.

Typical response, referring to the FAQ's and terms and conditions. You should study your own t&c's. Your t&c's regarding lot size change is vague and open to interpretation. It does not state as a matter of fact, what is considered to be unacceptable change in lot size. Professional traders trade with managed risk of 0.5% - 1%, which is what I do, so my lot changes accordingly. Your response regarding futures firms, I trade with a futures prop firm. Their trading conditions are a lot better than yours which are designed to fail traders. FunderPro is a forex prop firm, they give live accounts with REAL money after passing the challenge, so you are wrong to imply that all prop firms are demo accounts. With regards to reviews, it is human nature that if you are offering opportunity to win a free account for leaving a review, people will leave only positive reviews. You think OFP is great, but your Discord channel is so toxic with complaints from other traders, whose profits you have robbed by twisting words from your so called t&c's.

Watch this space. I am preparing a report for the FCA. Let them investigate you and hopefully shut you down for good.",

"If you are having problem making payment to purchase a fund account, the simple way Visa debit card or credit card. It’s very simple and you don’t have to pay any fee if your card has zero forex markup, and if you don’t understand the 25% rule, so basically it is, you cannot make more than 25% on your entire total profit have in mind that if you have 10k account you made 5 percent in 1st trade so to take withdrawals you need to make alt lest 21% to get payout got it other you can’t withdrawals your profits",

"Always there to answer questions promptly and patiently.",

"Việc chia tiền khá OK. Ưu điểm vượt trội k phải thi",

"OFP is now strugging to payout consistently profitable traders, and unfortunately will find ridiculous excuses to voilate their accounts and or not payout, since issues with metatrader they have been several incidences where they didnt payout trader and gave flimsy and silly excuses, they have recently breach my accounts because they claim i was involved in copy trading with a flimsy proof that myself and another trader both sold US30 around the same time, I gave them the opprotunity to review it again because it was just a ridiculous claim but they ignore and have breached my accounts, and I am not the only profitable trader whom they have done this to, I think although they started well, since metatrader fiasco and US resident not able to buy thier challenges they have now no money to payout out its traders, so if you are are consistent profitable trader I will advise you to stay away from them, they will go under in the near future......",

"Il giorno 21 maggio dovevo ricevere la mail di pagamento, ma niente, il team è sempre attivo e risponde sempre ma da sempre le stesse risposte... (Tomorrow, Tomorrow e Tomorrow)
Con oggi è il sesto giorno di ritardo e mi è stato anche detto che oggi avrei ricevuto questa mail di pagamento ma niente. Ho rispettato tutte le regole ho tutte le prove

APPENA RICEVERÒ IL PAGAMENTO CANCELLERÒ QUESTA RECENSIONE",

"If I could give zero stars, I would. This company disabled my account and said I violated their rules when I never did. I even showed them examples of other trades that was the same as the one they said was violated but those ones were not violated but they didn’t care. All these companies are fraudulent. I reported to my bank to file for dispute but they can’t do anything. Just run away from this company. Very fruadulent",

"OFP sought to understand my position their service and gave me an opportunity to express my views freely. The also provided me with an option to access their alternative and provide feedback. This is proof that they care about their customers and their opinions.",

"OFP is so frustrating! first they rejected my payout due to the platform technical problem then gave my replacement account 5 days late and my trading days kept on running so I lost those days.

Then my payout email is supposed to be sent within 24-48hrs but I haven't received any! Their system is so inefficient and unfair. not worth scaling up my account...",

"Meilleurs pop firm de financement instantané",

"OFP offers good conditions. I have already made two withdrawals from a monthly account and a biweekly one. The only rule to be cautious about as a trader, which requires having a plan from the beginning, is the trading Value rule",

"Je note déjà un Support parfait car je viens de rejoindre Ofp...
J'espère avoir une expérience agréable comme a mon adhésion. merci pour l'effort que vous faites 🙏🏼🤝🏼🙏🏼",

"Pour l’instant bonne Propfirm avec des règles cohérentes. J’attends mon premier paiement en espérant qu’il arrive rapidement. Le service client est au top et très réactif.
Au cas où mon compte est le 598223.",

"OFP cares clients opinions and i think one of the most thougtful firms in the industry in order to keep communication canals open with them,such as discount codes which personalised in birthdays and always gives feedbacks/responses to your attempts.I think this is a valuable part of a firm in order to build confidence further.",

"It is been a great experience so far. New payment feature is amazing.",

"OFP Platform is easy and quick instant funding.
one of the best mothed and firm.
I recommend smart trader for good future.
Best customer service.",

"OFP instant funding takes few seconds for traders to get their credentials and very fast payouts",

"great platform",

"A good company that offers many promotions and a more than wonderful customer experience",

"These guys are real scammers, stay away from them. They denied me payout and says I cheated on my tradings, They had problems with their platform, migrated me to another platform with account details which I have been trading with all these while, time for payout telling me my account is terminated. Referring me to different account which I don’t know about, not even sending an email to inform me of a new account details? Imagine how can I be trading with a terminated account? These guys are big scammers I felt sorry for people that will fall on their trap, now I don’t believe all these 5 stars positive reviews.",

"personnellement j'ai tradé chez eux et mes comptes ont été fermés à cause d'erreur faites pendant qu'ils changeait de broker en février. donc 3 comptes de couler à cause de leur incompétences. J'ai un amie qui est chez eux actuellement et je vois que le changement de broker n'a eux aucun effet vu le nombre de problème qu'il y a. Mon ami à reçu un payout 4 semaines après la date initiale parce qu'il était accusé d'exploiter des retards de broker qui n'existent pas. maintenant à une semaine de son second payout alors qu'il avait été innocenté il reçoit un mail pour lui dire que son futur payout est bloqué à cause de retards de broker. ça n'a aucun sens, avec toutes leur règle ils n'arrivent toujours pas à payer leur client, et nous ne sommes aps les seuls à qui c'est arrivé dans leur discord. cette plateforme de trading est un scam qui ne vous paieras pas en utilisant l'incompétence de leur broker comme excuse. les propfirms comme elles ne devraient pas exister il n'y a rien d'honnête.",

"They will manipulate everything
They will not answer your questions properly
They will eat our hard earned Money with out any hesitation
I have lot of proofs they are cheating people
If anybody wants to know how they are cheating you can ask me",

"OFP me parece que es la única empresa de fondeo que le permite a uno como trader, empezar a generar ganancias sin pruebas de evaluación. Esa es la fortaleza de OFP. Que con una pequeña inversión en la compra o afiliación, se accede a operar para tu bolsillo. Por lo demás, su atención al cliente es sobresaliente.",

"I just started with OFP when the Prop firm Industry began it's regulation of US citizens. I have since refered several of my friends to the firm and we all have had great Experiences so far. The concept of payouts being deposited into a broker is very intriguing.

Looking forward to the challange.",

"Am very grateful to be part of the OFP family.
I have a lot of good experiences to share. First of all they are fast in delivering account details, fast in support services, they have no hidden rules, their accounts types are very friendly for everybody because they have four-tier profit share :80%,60%,40% and 26% and also have different account sizes for the average trader unlike the others with only one way profit share payment. Also, I did not get my profit target(trader value) for 3 months but am still trading, that is a plus my contract would have been terminated if it were to be other prop firms.
However, my issues are with the trader value because it limits the profitability of the trader, is like you are confined to some corner. The market does not move the same distance everyday, it consolidates and trends and even within the trend sometimes it moves far than other times but because of trader value rule you are forced to close your profitable trades in other not to increase it. If am in a trade that can give me 3k profit am forced to close it at $500 or $700 because I will be thinking of how to make $3000 x 4+ before i can get withdrawals. The forex market does not work like that. Everybody has his/her own strategy and should be allowed to trade freely.
There should also be room for upgrading of accounts and profit share percentages: I.e if I have $200 only today to purchase 25k account there should be a room where i can top up the balance in future to increase the size to 50k, 100k etc and if I purchased 25k -40% profit share, I should be able to top up later if I like to 60% or 80% by simple paying the remaining balance between 40% share and 60% etc.
In fact, apart from these few observations, they are the best prop firm in the market.
I love you OFP and i hope my observations would be taken in good fate and acted upon.
Thank you
Theodore Adigbil",

"OFP funding are killing it - with traders in mind. Finally a platform that is true to their word and have new exciting offers that are unique to OFP. Check it out to stay on top....

Thanks Guys

WDT01",

"OFP is a Prop firm in the truest sense, because they trade their own funds and share this facility with traders worldwide.",

"Meilleur prop Firm de financement instantané.",

"I got a payout denied because of the mt4 platform freeze, and then you migrated my account to mt5, then you should have migrated my account as soon as you discovered the mt4 freeze bug, in my personal operation I only use mt4, so I dont have a clue when the price is frozen or not, and I lost a aprox 2 months of work to make my profit payout which was denied, the correct process was that you migrated my account to mt5 as soon as soy where experiencing issues with the mt4 platform, as these are not responisbilites of the trader.... for next time dont make people loose time on invalitading accounts without being migrated on time.",

"Empresa muito séria e confiável",

"I believe OFP rules help with discipline.

I like the fact that even though there is now challenge phase, the rules helps to maintain consistent.",

"scammed OFP, didn't pay profits after 1 month, but on the system they said they had already paid, that's crazy",

"The best Company use mt5",

"Easy withdrawals and a very helpful customer care support made my experience with ofp memorable and would recommend it to others",

"OFP SAID THEY WOULD SEND MY PAYOUT BETWEEN 24H - 48H BUT THEY DID NOT DO THAT.
I HAVE TO WAIT A WEEK AND SEND MANY EMAIL BUT THEY DID NOT ANSWER.",

"I have a great experience with OFPFunding. Their customer service is exceptional, always responsive and helpful. The quality of their services is top-notch, making the trading process smooth and efficient. Highly recommend them for any trader looking for reliable funding and support",

"Easy to purchase and begin trading immediately. Despite me blowing an account through my own fault they were still supportive.",

"Kalau bisa tetap di metatrader tradingnya",

"I have been with OFP for coming up to a month now and have just achieved my second pay out. So far trading for OFP has been an absolute pleasure, and small issues I have had have been dealt with swiftly and the support team have been friendly and supportive. If you stick to the rules and trade within them there should be no issues for new successful traders getting paid out. I'm trading off the Match Trader platform which is nice and smooth and offers a great trading environment. The OFP dashboard can at times be a little clunky but give it time to fully load up and all your statistics are there to aid you in keeping track of your progress. All min all this prop firm are head and shoulders over a lot of the competition and I am very happy with them and feel at home here!",

"I got an account 2 days ago and I'm very satisfied with how quickly everything was done and how good the support is, so far everything is great, I'm just waiting to see the first payment and then I'll leave a comment for that",

"La réponse était très rapide, l'inscription sur votre site était facile.",

"OFP always finds ways to not have to pay traders. They just robbed my account and my profits because 2 orders did not exist. They make the rules and don't follow the rules they make. A two-faced man. Everyone should stay away from this scam OFP fund if they do not want to lose money unjustly
I have full picture proof of their fraud. Contact me if anyone needs it",

"I am waiting for my payout for over 2 weeks. First they said they didn't get my email (really?). Then the support told me that they were delayed. The payout should be processed within 24-48 hours. It's a on-demand-account. My profit is still published on the payout list on the homepage. Do they advertise with profitable traders but do not pay them? If I ever get my payout I will update this post.",

"Recien me he iniciado pero son los únicos que brindan un 80% de ganancia en la cuenta que está a disposición de todos en su web y desde el primer día se puede ganar dinero sin examenes ni desafíos.Muy generosos y con deseo de ayudar a los Traders",

"Please see all the latest reviews, This could be end of OFP as they seems to stop paying all their traders.."TRADERS BEWARE". My account was all good till the payout day, and then suddenly on payout day, they made it inactive. They are just accumulating all the money and don't want to give any payout's",

"Almost instant account credential after purchase",

"The quick response
And quality service",

"Just 4 days into forex after purchased on demand payout option. Goin great and expecting payout this weekend.",

"I bought a 50000 funded account and my money got debited from my bank account and ofp have not sended me and I didn’t get my funded account details and my dashboard is also not updated and they are not helping me it’s been more than 1 days no help is been provided and there website is very low and there customer support is very bad no help provided to me",

"Tôi đã mua 5 tài khoản bên này rồi. Và cả 5 tài khoản đều không thành công. Trong đó có 3 tài khoản tôi vi phạm lỗ quá 5%/ ngày. Còn 2 tài khoản toi nghĩ mình có thể rút được tiền. Nhưng tất cả đều là trong suy nghĩ của tôi mà thôi. Họ lấy đủ lý do để không thanh toán. Khi giao dịch hỏi thì không vi phạm nhưng khi đến kỳ hạn rút tiền thì họ sẽ có nhiều lý do đưa ra. Tôi nghĩ đó là quỹ scam chứ không phải là một quỹ thực sự. Một trải nghiệm đắng vay mất tiền. Tốt nhất không nên đầu tư trong quỹ này.",

"First payout , First Experience with OFP !!!
48hrs Review + 48hrs Payout !!!

Thank you !",

"I received the credentials instantly. Support team is active. Rules are simple. Payout time has not come yet so looking forward to see how it will go. Will make a second review after going through payout process.",

"I am AHMEDFX from Morocco.
I joined OFP since 2022 and received many payouts without the slightest problem.
OFP is such a great company that it has revolutionized the funding industry in the Forex market.
OFP offers instant funding accounts without any challenges or verifications. The nice thing is that its account prices are affordable for everyone, and its accounts are also available in different models and with a profit split of up to 80%.
OFP is an opportunity for every trader who seeks to change his life for the better, but on the condition that he respects all applicable rules.
I love the unique OFP model.",

"The daily drawdown is not static for a trading day. The use of trailing drawdown is a crazy and stupid rule, and thus aim to make traders fail and breach their account. Most of good profirms do not use daily trailing drawdown. Traders should be careful with this rule of this profirm if you do not want to lose your money.",

"OFP ngày càng cho thấy một quỹ kém chất lượng. Quỹ này luôn tìm mọi cách để vô hiệu hóa các khoản lợi nhuận của nhà đầu tư. Các quy tắc họ đưa ra không được minh bạch, rất mập mờ khó đoán.
Đối với cá nhân tôi sẽ không bao giờ dùng dịch vụ của OFP nữa, nó quá tồi tệ.
Lời khuyên cho các nhà đầu tư mới, chưa có trải nghiệm với OFP thì không nên tham gia.",

"Hello traders,OFP is the best,you only need to follow the rules and then get paid,I really respect the company and the support they did great work!!",

"I have 3 years of trading skill , and I'm willing to trade for the company , I'm willing to follow up all the rules , and I really need the fundent account.",

"The value trader rule forbids a trader to maximize on their strategy based on the thought of requiring of daily earnings to be even , only to supplement their next day with the similar earnings such that one breaches not the requirements, this limit hinders traders based on the notion that different patterns occur at different dates",

"the firm offers the best trading conditions with very competitive spreads and fast payouts. They are the best funding company",

"Was great and still is the best",

"The best instant funding company. I highly recommend because after almost 4 years trading and losing money I got my first payout from trading forex. Once you grasp their simple rules you are set to have a lifetime account. I am very pleased to have been amongst the 10% to get a payout from OFP. Withdrawals are processed within 24-48 hours !! Aint that cool.
Take a chance on this company
I am definitely keeping this account for life. Thanks OFP

One happy trader
Sincerely
VintageVictoria",

"Mi experiencia fue muy buena, tuve dos cuentas, la primera rompí una regla que debo confesar no supe interpretar.. Quizás deberían redactarla de una manera clara, a prueba de tontos como decimos acá.
De los errores aprendemos, asi que en mi segunda cuenta, ya con las reglas entendidas, todo fue diferente.
Yo lo único que recomiendo es seguir las reglas a raja tabla y todo va a estar bien.
Estoy conforme!!",

"Excelente empresa, si cumples con las reglas te pagan sin rodeos. Si reajustan la regla del 25% serán los dueños del NEGOCIO 💪🏽",

"En primer lugar estoy mas que agradecida con OFP por brindarnos la oportunidad de tener cuentas instantaneas, en el tiempo que tengo con OFP he sentido mucha gratificación por los justo que son con nosotros, de verdad que ha sido una experiencia unica y esta nueva propuesta me tiene muy motivada, espero que todo salga como esta pautado y poder adquirir una de esas cuenta con esa modalidad. Agradezco que me han permido desarrollarme como trader y ser parte de su comunidad.",

"This is the best plat form ever..very trusty..try it they worth it",

"At opf almost each and every type of a trader is highly catered for in terms of our preferences...so for that reason I truly recommend them as my first choice .",

"Well I feel that the company has scammed me i made 1200 in profit not one losing trade out off 10 but still closed my account because 5% drawdown how does that make sense anything to close the account ..... so yes it is a scam they are now saying they use open trades as a drawdown and not when you close the trade tell me this is not a SCAM",

"Simply they are a scum, dont fall in to the sweet word they say. DO NOT get any account with them ( I do not normally give any negative feedback to a business, unless it is too bad). When my account is in profit and and it is looking good for pay out ( it is 29th April), now they have deactivated my account. I have asked them why, they said I have breached Martingale rules. I have asked them to give me proof, they have given me some screenshot that has happened in February, But I am trading all this time, they didnt tell me anything( What a waste of my 2 months). My dashboard was always showing that my account did not breach any rules. But suddenly they are giving me screen shot from 2 months ago and deactivated my account. And the fact is instead of putting a 0.12 lot I put 0.1 lot by typing mistake and than I added another 0.11 lot. It is a common sense that this is a typing mistake and it will not affect anything. Account NO: 2140317939",

"Han mejorado los programas, solo tener paciencia y cumplir las reglas",

"Transparent Firm ! Love them",

"BTC price has been paused on MT4 since market close on Friday and its still paused.

I contacted OFP who literally said it's a platform issue and there is nothing they can do about it.

I paid hard earned money for a service but they have failed to provide the service or offer any compensation or refund.

Is the MT4 issue my problem? This is just ridiculous to say the least.

Resolve the problem asap or offer a refund and compensation of lost profits.

I shall be posting and hourly update.",

"First of all accounts without challange
Strong media
Prompt response of request.

All over I liked it much",

"first of all i m great full to OFP team to become a part of member of OFP prop firm .My overall experience with OFP is awesome.i just recieved my first payout from OFP within 24 hrs after approval and i just thanks once again for OFP team.",

"I had a great experience I would like other to know that it's worth the open a account and take the opportunity given",

"I would have my whole family us this cause my life is going much better than ever.",

"I have withdrawn my money, I am very happy to thank the OFP fund for facilitating our transaction.
Thank you very much !",

"the very fact that i dont have to go through the challenges makes the OFP very attractive.
On demand model of payment id a game changer.",

"E s una de la mas lleva tiempo pagando en el mercado",

"Serious Traders. If you view trading as a business this is a firm you want to stay away from.
1. They only pay to personal accounts

Issue
Tax purpose issues dependant on your area will have a personal tax issue Personal:15% - 25% then Provincial and Federal: 25% - 45%.

If I’m responsible for my own taxes but OFP doesn’t give you an option then they actually don’t see you as business signs of ponzi.

Situation: You’re consistently profitable (4 Payout) 5% - 10% each
200k Account with 80% Profit Share
You make $48,000 in 1 year.

You go do your taxes and instead of reaping the rewards of tax breaks Ex. Writing off expenses Operational: (Internet, Work Space, Hardware, Challenge Accounts or Account Expenses (Trading View, Data Fees, etc) you miss out on the tax breaks.

Aside from the business optics, you now have to pay higher taxes on your profit. Your $48,000 is $30,000 or less.

Traders beware. Key Note: Different countries with different rules. The point is how are you suppose to do taxes on potential large sums of money (If your consistently profitable) and what are you actually earning after your payout after you report.

When asked why, they said company policy. I can only imagine trying to receive a payout and what kind of rules they have tucked away for you to deal with.",

"I am very satisfied with the OFP fund",

"Empresa de excelencia, oportunidad para aquellas personas que buscan perfeccionarse del trading y vivir del trading",

"thật tuyệt vời khi được cấp vốn trực tiếp từ OFP",

"Very difficulty to get paid your profit, I hat 5000€ profit. And I tried to withdraw,
When you ask for withdraw your money they send you long list which they tell you you are not eligible to withdraw and, they say you, you broke the rule site and never you
Don’t get paid,
And account it’s closed straight away, you can’t use anymore, and your money it’s lost,, never don’t use again this company OFP👎",

"Ưu điểm: tôi đến với công ty vì không cần phải thi quỹ, được chia lợi nhuận sau 29 ngày và những người bạn tôi đã được thanh toán nhanh chóng (đánh giá sự uy tín và giải quyết nhanh), đấy là điều tuyệt vời và sự tuyệt vời hơn nữa đó là quý công ty luôn có chương trình giảm giá điều đặn, tạo điều kiện cho nhiều người tham gia, trong đó có tôi.
Lưu ý: tôi chưa được chia lợi nhuận, nhưng những người bạn của tôi được thanh toán 01 cách nhanh chóng. Vì vậy, tôi nhận xét công ty uy tín và giải quyết nhanh trong việc thanh toán chia lợi nhuận!",

"Maxwell89 great prop firm great prices super fast withdrawal times. Great customer service all round best prop firm by far!!!!!",

"حسابات ممتازه ومرنه",

"Funded next is am amazing platform to trade charges are also quite fair only issue I feel is draw down limit as the limit are very low it's really very hard to trade freely as the Market are very volatile so need more space to trade",

"Hasta el día de hoy OFP Founding es para mí la empresa más seria en la que he operado. La verdad es que estoy muy satisfecho con ellos y puedo recomendarlos con total sinceridad.

Kike1981",

"As be honest. I really don't know about OFP. so I'm just trying learn more about it and I just wish that. Can take me to the right place. That all. For now 🥰🥰🥰🥰",

"Great supporting. Nice company",

"Great team with intrinsic values and the drive to accomplish anyting even when disadvantaged.",

"second payout, payout very fast. recommend this prop firm again",

"Very forward thinking funding company with many different options for accounts to make it more affordable. As far as I'm aware OFP are also the only instant funding company in the market which is a no brainer to avoid the silly challenges other firms offer. Any issues I've had they have been very quick to resolve so I couldn't fault them at all. Certainly the best funding company I've ever dealt with!",

"I'm someone who likes competition, so here my experience was to learn more about the company which is good for me and I loved it.",

"Hand down one of the best platforms I’ve used in a long time. Look forward to working and benefiting with OFP. Awesome team!",

"Great opportunity for unprvillaged people lime me",

"Very interesting! I’m winning this! Let’s gooooo 🔥🔥🔥",

"giving out funded accounts",

"ofpfunding is cool",

"I had bought two account under OFP funding. It’s given me a chance to practice and train my trading skills before I invest big amount into this risky market.
And if I do well I can get profit sharing from OFP as reward. Up to 80% is quite high.
Everyone can trade everyone can earn money but to earn constantly and stay with rules is hard. OFP funding give me all that. And I believe I will succeed. Thanks to OFP funding. I love OFP and will always support company.

Warms Regard,

Zaytoul",

"great company trusted in forex market and nothing in withdraw great support",

"Active and ready customer support, payouts always in time, and active discord community
By lugandayoweri",

"OFP funding giving great opportunity for variety of traders. Previous clients also said very trustworthy prop firm. Payment and profit share everything excellent. Only concern was slightly expensive. Great Job.",

"This company is focuses on customer feedback to bring more optimal experience to it's clients. Adaptive and innovative is the name of the game here at OFP. Keep it up guys.

ROCKY.",

"Very good for people that don’t have capital",

"The way changes are made and to be interactive in bringing changes. Great working platform",

"Great account options, fair rules.",

"Only one word Trustable",

"The customer service is really fast and responsive.

Account delivery is fast. I got my account as soon as I registered.",

"I love everything im seeing, so far I cannot complain, quick payouts and reasonable prices and trading conditions.... Plus their clients seem very happy",

"After too much of struggle I still trying to pass the funded pro account, now I hope o
OFP funded pro will give opportunity to fullfill my needs,
Also i verified what ever review i heard about OFP all are good and I have some hope I will pass thia platform.
Thanks to OFP in advance..",

"I have tried many other prop firms, but at the end OFP funding is the best in terms of trading conditions, eg. trading instruments, spread, stability, and trustworthiness, which is the most important in the industry. OFP is the best as I have tasted it.",

"I have used many companies but OFP is the best among them, I love how they communicate with members and guiding them on doing well and their pricing are very reasonable.",

"Ofp funding accounts are great because of there unique properties like instant funding accounts.there fair and clear policies as well.instant payouts.",

"Great support and communication",

"Support by mail in this company to help very quickly",

"Don't waste your precious days on left overs.. they will make sure you get as little as you can",

"Nice company to work with",

"Very helpful support credentials very fast
And also we will see about payouts ❤️",

"Cheap for a reason. OFP has a fantastic business model but do be warned it does not reflect the real trading environment. I have had a few accounts with them, one in the early days when they had some crazy rules and now in more recent times with much friendlier rules. Warning to traders do not use any form of EA and yes it is written in their T&C's however who would have thought using a Trade Management EA that simply helps you place a trade and manage the position is reason enough to have a 200K account declined. Yes it's all within their rules but this is like jaywalking and being put in prison. Anyway I guess this is how they make money by taking my +2K and giving it to traders who keep it real simple. never again. A fair review of the EA Trade manager would be appricatted.",

"Scam company
Bad service they have for many hidden rules in the terms and conditions page that are deliberately set to hold and reject payments like they sent me an email telling me I opened another position with a bigger position than my first position and I didn't see that when I read the rules
You are really losing your power and time if you are buying these accounts",

"Sau ba tháng giao dịch vất vả thì lấy hình ảnh ở đâu đó bảo tôi giao dịch sao chép.Một công ty lừa đảo,không nên tham gia tốn tiền bạc và mệt mỏi với thời gian bỏ ra,tôi còn trở lại.tài khoản của tôi 2140317981",

"A OFP me deu a grande oportunidade de poder operar na área do swing trader e estou aprendendo muito ! Obrigado!",

"Tôi đã rút tiền 2 lần một cách dễ dàng và được hỗ trợ bất cứ khi nào cần.",

"Stay away from this scam company.
Anyone who can make profit will be banned for any reason they can make. If you do not violate any ridiculous rules they made, OFP will told you copying someone 's trade and you cannot do anything.
Every 5 stars review comes from discount. DO NOT TRUST ANY OF THEM.
There are so many prop firm out there, don't waste your money on them!",

"Be warned one minor error will result in your account being violated despite their support chat telling you different.",

"good coversation and helpfull with Blessing agent,,, thanks,, he help me all setting, and now i can trade,, lets see how its going,, hope all be good,,",

"Overall a satisfying company. Some improvements needed for the Dashboard quality and the payout review period but the team is proactive and payouts processed. Promising prop trading company and their instant funding program is super interesting !",

"LLEVO MÁS DE 1 AÑO CON OFP Y SIEMPRE MUESTRA SERIEDAD EN SUS SERVICIOS - CADA ASISTENCIA ES ATENDIDA Y CADA PAGO ES REALIZADO CON ÉXITO, UNA FIRMA BUENA PARA EL COMERCIANTE",

"I have been accused of copy trading by OFP. While I trade completely alone. I do not trade with signals. They sent me 2 pictures of another random account with similar trades and said they were proof. Just when I was about to receive a payout. they wanted to appropriate the money I bought the account for.
They gave you a reward If you put 5 stars here, in trustpilot.

DO’NT USE OFP FUNDING THEY ARE A COMPLETELY SCAM AND FRAUD.
Account number: 2140318193",

"My second account with OFP is not on the dashboard and customer support unable to resolve.

The OFP support team has asked for order ID and payment proof with last 4 digit of card. I have provided all the evidence.

On top of this, this second account can be seen LIVE on the trading platform and I have also sent this to the OFP team.

Despite all the evidence, the OFP support team is still not able to resolve the issue, and said they have to refer to their manager.

There is no issue with trading this second trading account, but I am not able to view it on my dashboard. I can only view my first account.

In addition, it is almost impossible to access the dashboard. It is either very slow or totally not able to open the page.

###

Subsequent to earlier review, it seems like the OFP billing team has mixed up the payments. I have made payment for my first account number 593640 on 4 April and my second account number 594796 on 10 April. However, the OFP billing team said that the 10 April payment proof is for my first account (which is clearly wrong). I have provided them with payment proof of my first account dated 4 April and are awaiting their reply.",

"I tried to avoid to write here, but in the end I had to. 04/10/2024 I tried to buy a 25K account, made the payment, but did not receive any confirmation except the page with a “tick” that the payment was completed. I soon noticed that instead of $332.25 the payment was $104.25 and immediately wrote to the support service about it. Each response from the service took a long time, the operators changed, and each time I had to explain everything in a new way and send a bank statement with the payment. In the end, the operator George told me that I would receive an e-mail with an underpayment, but to date I have not received it, which I wrote to the same George. He told me today to wait until he clarified the issue, and when a couple of hours passed in silence, I asked again, and some Raudel answered me, who simply said that there was no any payment and they didn’t owe me anything. $124 dollars is not a lot of money, but if the propcompany refuses to return them, then the conclusion arises that things may be going very badly for them. I hope this post will help someone save their money. OFP - is the worst experience in my life.

Update: They still "...look into this matter further"..... It's really terrible.",

"I have been accused of copy trading by OFP. While I trade completely by myself. They sent me 2 pictures of another account and said they were proof. I don't understand why they send any pictures and call it evidence? Obviously they wanted to appropriate the money I bought the account for. That's a lot of money for me. 100% correct, they appropriated it.
NOTE THAT THE 5-STAR RATINGS THEY GET ARE THERE BEHAVIOR OF BUYING CUSTOMERS BY OFFERING DISCOUNT PROMOTIONS IN RETURN YOU HAVE TO GIVE THEM A 5-STAR RATE.",

"OFP IS A SCAM. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. MOST OF THE 5 STAR REVIEWS ARE VERY FAKE. One you trade a demo account and not an instant live account like they say. They will steal your strategy if you're profitable and they have so many hidden rules to trick you and block your account. I was up 5% profit but they still blocked my account total scam.",

"Cheating company, they said that they only have little bit rules and you can easier to have funding and payout, when you have once time of the martingale trading , they will say that you have 11times and violate their rules, they will only try their best to close your account and get your money, please don’t buy their account anymore, and they are a cheating and scam company",

"I was highly disappointed with thier recent services. The dashboard continued to freeze and the worst of it all is their new broker charging $200plus for one lot of bitcoin. Give the traders what they deserve. Acct num 592204",

"For starter, any funding company who provides a demo account for instant funding has alternate motives. Why? because whatever profit a trader makes has to be paid by the company as it is not real money account, so they are actually rooting for your failure, and they will be hunting for any mistakes to take you out. so from now onwards, i want to trade with people who want me to make money and take a share from it as commission unlike firms like OFP.",

"They use one of the most manipulative and dishonest brokers around.
No respect for price action!
I formulate my trades off trading view for better view and more tools, and its been my unfortunate experience that many times, price will reach a certain level on a pair, but this broker holds price at a different level, perhaps to force you to close in loss, or to hit sl. For example, trading xauusd, price reached a low of 2328, at this price i placed a buy order. on tradingview within 15 mins the price was back up to 2346, however this broker held the price at below 2328 for the 15 mins, until they had no choice but to bring the price up to match the market, however slowly.

With respect to the prop firm itself, the Trader Score Value, is one of the most ridiculous rules i've come across. I understand the concept is to keep traders consistent. but sometimes that just not the case there are days you will lose, and there are days you will be more profitable. in this case they want you to be less profitable. lets say you're on a 10k account, and your target is $300 profit daily, but one day you happen to make $600, sorry but you just screwed yourself, because now your Trader score is above 20, and you will be unable to withdraw any profit until you have a score of below 20...

this company is a scam, and just want to take your money unfortunately.",

"Just purchased my second account,i breached the first one... waiting and looking forward for 28 days to pass to be eligible for a withdrawal.
I will review about the payouts as soon as I get one.",

"All services I received were excellent except updation on Dashboard",

"Customer service was very prompt. Great service",

"I have just signed up and I had some major issues. however, their customer service is very prompt, and they resolve your issue immediately.",

"شركه نصابه . في البداية يدعون انه لايوجد سوى ثلاثة قوانين هي نسبه الخسارة اليوميه و نسبه الخسارة الاجمالية و تحقيق نسبه اقل من 25 بالمئة . ثم تجد العديد من استراتيجيات التداول ممنوعة و حتى الهيج يحسب على نفس العمله و ليس نفس الزوج وهذا . لا أنصح بها نهائيا .",

"Scam company, they accuse me of having done martingale which is not true, the reality is that they do it many days after I closed operations, when they saw that I went from being negative to being profitable and the payment date was approaching. Don't buy it even with a 90% discount.",

"SCAM. They got kicked off their last broker, and moved to a new one, with days of downtime and no email communication. Had to chase the 'new logins' 4 times, every day being promised they would be ready by the end of the day.

Worst of all, they have a bunch of opaque rules and will simply cancel your account to stop you getting a withdrawal. They give no warning. E.g. their UI has a martingale warning. My account, which apparently violated this rule, has no warnings at all for martingale or any other violations. The CS staff said "The UI is not yet connected to identify martingale in the trading account. Work is currently ongoing:" So you can't trust their UI.

Midway through discussing this, the agent just disappeared from the chat. Their reps are all curt, almost to the point of rude.

I strongly believe these are another prop firm scam fund",

"Cheat. They introduce hidden rules that lead to violations.",

"Me gusta la empresa y la recomiendo",

"Scam. They accused me of using Martingale and closed my account (2140317879), while the company has its own interpretation of Martingale: according to the generally accepted definition, Martingale involves doubling (!) subsequent trades when the initial trade goes into a loss.
I opened one trade with a volume of 0.30, and later another with a volume of 0.40 lots, i.e. the increase was 33%, not a doubling, and each of the positions was closed at different times and on different days. OFP called it Martingale.
Another situation is when, having a long-term trade with a volume of 0.02, which is at a loss (I am primarily a swing trader), I wanted to add a trade, but mistakenly, using my phone, I selected a volume of 0.5 and opened a trade, but immediately noticed the error and closed trade at a loss(!) in just 42 seconds! OVP called it Martingale.
None of these situations are in any way consistent with the Martingale system, but the OFP, ignoring all these arguments, states that I used Martingale, but not the one that all traders know about and the essence of which is described in many sources, but their interpretation of Martingale, with no explanation of their version of the Martingale anywhere on their website, and the OFP refused to reactivate the account.
Unless otherwise stated on the site, each trader is guided by generally accepted concepts and definitions of trading strategies and tactics, therefore the OFP distorts generally accepted definitions in such a way that one can “justify” the deactivation of a trading account and misappropriate the money paid for it. They should put on the website not Martingale, but "OFPntingale", or something like that.
All of the above can be confirmed with screenshots

UPD. One week passed - no response...

UPD2. 20 days passed - no response. They only politely answer here and promise to sort out the situation, but in reality they do not want to give up easy, essentially stolen, money. I categorically do not recommend OFP; do not risk your money by giving it to a company-scamer.",

"Average in general, but the 20 percent rule is very complicated and I hope it will be reviewed or deleted",

"I like their plans as well their care for the customer they are giving. And price is also worthy",

"Scam company
They have a lot of hidden rules in the Terms & Conditions page deliberately set to trap and deny payouts. For example, they have the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time, refuse of withdraw when you trading with no stop loss, not enough trade duration or change strategy after a winning trade,...
DON'T BUY THEIR ACCOUNT!!!

Date of experience: 04 September 2023",

"very good company. But you all need to improve some more about the support service :D",

"Its a trust company! 👍",

"Great way to get funding to maximize your potential profits. Great customer service they answer all your questions and are helpful in getting you started in your trading journey.",

"Excelente en todo uff que empresa de las mejores",

"Really nice prop firm. The customer care it's super tempestive and competent",

"I loved this company, it is a great company and I was very happy with my experience with it",

"It is the best funded firm I know. User friendly and has helped me a lot as an individual trader. I love working with them",

"I think OFP will be one of the best Prof Funding",

"This prop firm is something else you don't need to get past a challenge and get funded immediately and the spreads are awesome!",

"Great experience",

"Customer service is excellent and the customer executives are knowledgeable as well and gives the reply within few seconds to minutes.",

"Instant Funding, Dedicated support",

"Good job...",

"OFP is a firm that wants you to succeed by following all the rules in place and by not being greedy and gambling",

"Muy buena dé este calidad",

"I am not a fan of writing review for anyone unless someone really deserved it. I have been with OFP few months now. Honestly speaking their customer service / support service is excellent. does not matter you try them via email or through Discord, you will get your response immediately. For technical support, I must mention his name, Mr 'Mariano' wow, exceptional support has been received at the time of migration period. So far, I am 100% positive & happy with them ONLY one week to go for my 1st payout, let see, if that goes well, OFP will be the BEST Funded Prop firms in this industry, no doubt. Best wishes for OFP",

"Tô gostando bastante dessa empresa,ele responde muito rápido até me devolveram um dinheiro errado que mandei pela carteira Bitcoin,no momento tô gostando bastante",

"Itś the first time tha i cold get an immediate access to a funding account. Great support. I can sumarize in few words ... THANKS THANKS THANKS",

"It is indeed a positive initiative to offer a free account after a survey and review. If genuine, of course!

REVIEW UPDATE:
Since this kind of advertising may mislead new traders of the real value of this (and any) prop firm, I reduce the 5 to 3 stars. A real positive review is only helpful after a real account trading and a real time company testing.",

"Just exploring this platform since a few days, it offers an scalable trading experience, with x100 leverage on any plan, it can be a good opportunity to grow a seed capital.",

"This is my second review of OFP. My first experience, getting started, was 100% positive. Getting the account set-up and getting started was simple and easy. I had a small question that was answered and resolved promptly. My account is currently profitable, so when the industry was shaken by changes within Metatrader, I became nervous and concerned. However OFP made the transition to our new platform, seamless, efficient and problem free. Not only am I pleased with how OPF conducts their business, but want to express my appreciation. In my opinion, in the prop firm industry OFP should be your go to company. No need to look elsewhere!",

"It's pricing is a great factor that attracts me ,
And it's platform give to trade is more satisfying and easy to use",

"Serious responsible company and an excellent business model",

"OFP has a great instant funding model, the rules are realistic and leaves plenty of room for you to trade within. Customer service in my experience has been great. On my first account I asked for a refund due my own circumstances and that was dealt with promptly and professionally. Great firm.",

"Dear. I have trade with ofp its simple and slick to trade with ofp. Honestly i am enjoying trading with us",

"Very good company Very good staff Very honest",

"I love the transparency as well as the support base both technical and financial to both upcoming and experienced traders",

"Had a good experience with OFP, recomendable",

"Professionalism
Transparency
Wordiness
Product offer",

"Support yang selalu memberi respon dengan cepat sehingga masalah mudah terselesaikan.",

"I have enjoyed high level of communication and transparency from OFP regarding market updates, company policies, and performance evaluations along with right balance of risk management providing me as a trader with autonomy to pursue profitable trading opportunities.

The support has been helpful to me always. I have had a chance to thrive in excellent technological infrastructure and trading platforms provided by OFP for executing trades and conducting analysis.",

"I enjoy the fact that every penny am making from OFP account counts for me without giving it to various challenge steps that many other brokers offer. It has made forex trading more of a reality and a career for me.",

"OFP is a big scamming company
Scammers they're scammers
They didn't pay my share.
Guys don't take accounts from them you'll lost your money",

"OFP Funding is simply the best instant funding prop firm ever in the trading industry.
1.Dashboad and metrics. Their dashboard is friendly and looks beautiful. Easy for navigation and very precise. The trade metrics are also helpful to traders who wanna track their progress and assess performance. They've got all the metrics one needs to track performance.

2. Customer support. Their customer support is the best experience I've ever had. They reply in time and give you constructive response. I've not faced challenges with them yet and I love them.

3. Spread. OFP Funding is using one of the best brokers in the industry. Well regulated and trusted. Traders can go ahead and purchase accounts, because I've had nice experience with them and the spreads are friendly as well. Quick execution and transparency.

4. Payouts. OFP traders are always happy with payouts. They've got payment options that and make payment in time as promised. They payout, they are legit.

5. OFP is in the UK. UK prop firms are trusted. OFP is trusted because they are regulated.",

"OFP company is really good oportunity to earn and grow up like trader... 👍 👌",

"They are very resourceful in giving you trading informations and idea and also their customer care service is top notch",

"Azienda davvero unica per serietà', regole chiare e fantastica nel dare la possibilità' di essere finanziati da subito senza passare per la challenge",

"I liked the simplicity and good support system and the price was good",

"Well, I'm just new in the company but the little I have observed I can say that they are wonderful, my reason is that they provide fund for the traders without the traders going through any challenges unlike other prop fire that give first and second phases of challenges. OFP prop firm has amazing spread unlike other that has 0.2 unit spread, OFP has no profit terget, no minimum trading days unlike others and amazing customer service. Like I said earlier I'm new in the company I just have but I few review believing that as time goes on I will see more of their good fortunes",

"Company give us instead account and on demand payout",

"Está empresa es muy interesante y eficiente siempre está innovando y creciendo, ofreciendo servicios y ventajas para los trader, el soporte te resuelve cualquier problema, y los pagos son seguros",

"Best prop firm out there for direct funding with a good withdrawal system",

"OFP big scam they not give withdrawal during withdrawal Time They just show violation without any reason and not give withdrawal so be aware of this platform.
Also they set TVR so if you can't reach it means you can't request for withdrawal if reach this value 25% then show one violation and block your account. One of the most scammer prop firm in history so be aware and don't buy any plan.",

"Great team, great prop firm.",

"My experience with OFP funding has been very positive. They have provided quality support and service and many discount opportunities. I will continue to use their services into the future.",

"Very good!
I am satisfied",

"Good company to work with",

"Seldom I have heard about the giveaways of funded accounts.",

"Javier Alejandro . Buena empresa utilería me gusta el broker que utilizan .. los pagos tienen que ser semanales ..",

"I had an account with OFP but unfortunately I breached the Daily Drawdown. I can't wait to join again due to their instant funding programs without needing to go through challenges which some Prop Firms offers. I haven't heard traders complaining about payments denials with OFP unless traders themselves have a problem.",

"No spread . So good for trading",

"They are fantastic and strict, just follow the rules. They are incomparable Prop firm. In addition to this, they respond quickly to your request.",

"Best instant funding firm with cheap prices,,",

"Very nice to work with OFP.",

"It is great, no any payment issue so far.",

"Servizio clienti ottimo, qualsiasi richiesta viene risolta nel breve tempo. L’unica prop che ti garantisce il saldo senza nessuna challenge, con regole precise, che vanno soltanto rispettate per arrivare al pagamento. Possibilità in oltre di ottenere account di pagamento mensili oppure su richiesta il che già questo è una grande novità nel mondo delle prop. Prezzi convenienti specialmente ora come ora con la scontistica del 30% ancora attiva come promozione. Chat veloce su discord con il servizio assistenza! Top.",

"The honesty of the support staff. I have blown accounts due to greed. I have put up an argument that the daily drawdown reconciliation should be done at midnight 00:00 and not the second after one go over the 5% limit. My argument is that it is called a daily drawdown and not a hourly or every moment drawdown. I still hope it will by reviewed by ofp. I am about to open another account though to get the 30% less offer while still available. OFP is still a better option according to my assessment",

"Great firm very good, i'm happy for payout",

"The supporters are very prompt and friendly",

"I love this company it's worth it, i recommend it to a serious trader.Good work OFP",

"Good prop firm, fast execution",

"Very nice ☺
Polecam w szczególności dla osób, które stresują się egzaminem na zdanie.",

"GRACIAS OFP. POR MI PRIMER PAGO.ES UNA BUENA COMPANIA Y RECOMIENDO , Y CON LA OFERTA QUE TIENEN AHORA ES UNA BUENA OPORTUNIDAD.",

"OVER ALL A PRETTY GOOD PROGRAM , THE DAILY LIMTS ETC SHOULD BE MORE , GOT STOPPED OUT BY ECEEDING THE DAILY LOST BIG ON THE SHORT , IT TURNED AROUND AND IT COST ME LOTS , NEXT TIME I WILL READ THE FINE PRINT AS HEY SAY!!",

"I was so excited to buy a 100k account especialy that it is instant funding and the company seems legit, I used to work with ftmo and made alot of money there but im tired of passing challenges.

luckily I watched the video about the trader value rule and immediatly saved my self from trouble. They must know that market is full of trouble and market is not stable and sometimes a good day can wipe out many bad days and this is how market works, with this rule it will be almost impossible to withdraw any profits and I think it works best for them so they can retain the fees you pay for them without having to loose not even a portion of the money they make in the form of payouts.",

"Exceptional service and transparency! OFP Instant Funding Prop Firm provided me with the perfect platform to jumpstart my trading career. The seamless onboarding process, combined with their lightning-fast funding mechanism, allowed me to start trading immediately with confidence. Their support team is highly responsive and knowledgeable, always there to assist with any queries or concerns. I've been impressed with their commitment to helping traders succeed, offering valuable resources and guidance every step of the way. Overall, OFP Instant Funding Prop Firm is a game-changer in the trading industry, and I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable and efficient trading partner."",

"A very great company,",

"OFP has really changed my life ! They allow you to bypass the challenges so you can start with a funded account from the start and the prices for these instant accounts are the best. I love OFP great company I give you that .",

"I like how quickly the support team responds and how patient they are. No matter how many questions you ask they have the answers. Best customer support i know.",

"I am still a new trader with them and I purchased a 5K on demand account, which means I am still a new client with them, and I had a single issue with them regarding my identity verification, an error keeps showing after I successfully verify my identity, that my identity isn’t verified yet on my account dashboard, their customer support replied fast, that they reported this error to their team and I don’t need to worry about it and just ignore it, cause I am still a new client with them and my identity verification will be verified on my account dashboard, once I request my first payout as they said, other than this issue everything else looks good.",

"su nuevo broker tiene bajos spreds cosa que me gusta y la atencion al cliente es super rapida",

"Great customer service. The platform is easy to understand.",

"I wholeheartedly recommend OFP Proprietary Trading Firm to any forex trader looking to elevate their trading journey. With its robust resources, expert guidance, and supportive community, OFP provides an unparalleled platform for traders to thrive and succeed in the competitive forex market.",

"Overall experience and support well satisfied polite communication instantly resolved with queries best propfrim for instant funded account compared to various frim they have different approach towards consistency rule TVR which was quite logic .happy to be part of it ..if they reconsider some prohibited strategies were some points may dislike to take …then it’s much better than others",

"I work with many of forex prop firm but I like instant funding and ofp is great prop firm about they giving the instant funding services and one more thing the OFP email services is superb and so fast 🚴三 I like the afford of the all OFP team. Thank 🌹🌹🌹 for the all of the affords special to the instant funding services.",

"esperienza positiva, spread bassi e regole fattibili",

"OFP is an outstanding proprietary trading firm with the most affordable instant funded accounts globally and a super impressive customer support services. Most importantly, their payout model is second to none and their trading rules is very user friendly. Topnotch!!!",

"Customer Service is extremely helpful, responsive & thorough. There are some restrictions as every company has depending on their business model. I hope OFP takes their clients inquiries as possible suggestions to make certain changes that will allow for a better trading experience.
Overall, OFP has not disappointed & came through when I needed help in account purchase & setup.",

"It's one of the best instead prop firm",

"My friend introduced me to this platform and at first I was hesitant but after giving it a try I was really impressed with the community and how interactive everyone is including the infrastructure. Kudos to you guys!!!",

"Having the chance to have access to an instant funding account is great, the trader value rule is hard to comply but it demands you to be a consistent trader and have a real and genuine trading strategy.
The only downside is that with the last broker migration the commisions increase a lot (I trade XAUUSD), so that was better before.",

"Good to have such great firm. Excellent in giving quick and fast response.excellent training for beginners traders.",

"я пока не достиг выплат но надеюсь в скором времени все изменить c OFP...из плюсов--адекватная цена и хорошая поддержка..",

"It’s a professional company and effective customer service",

"Website kinda cheapo/not ideal to use, rules not clearly described, available daily risk not well portrayed, very slow customer service (mostly chat with AI)

They say they dont have a challenge but in the end they let you wait for a month until you can get hold of your (possible) profits!",

"Fast support, applying rules suitable for professional traders, reputable payments, OFP needs to be more proactive about the trading platform",

"Basically OFP have fewer rules to complicate you as a trader

If you can trade they are for you , hit your target , implement your risk & keep going

One downside is the lot size ( could be bigger) but overall very good",

"RELIABLE PROP FIRM",

"Everything the company does well except the company's main website often crashes",

"Initial experience was great but.... Response from support has been fast, accounts have been easy to setup with credentials sent promptly. They dealt with the sudden broker challenge and emergency switch over well in my opinion. My only gripe is a big one. It is that I was advised to use a trade copier by OFP support, using my other OFP account as a master, as accounts can not be merged - sounded fair. I did my due diligence and it was not specified anywhere, either in the email from support, the trading rules, or the TCs, that I had to email support first with the details of the master and copy account and tool used. Subsequently, taking the seemingly well meant advice from OFP support has resulted in the closure of the 25k copy account, which feels extremely unfair and it felt like support was completely inflexible when provided with the email trail. But I like their model and I hope we can work to a better outcome.

Update: There's some confusion amongst OFP support around the contrast between trading rules and something that is answered in their lengthy FAQs. What's worse is that I'm being denied an escalation process by front line support to get senior eyes on the matter which, in my opinion at least, is a legal risk to any company selling a finance product in the UK. I do not subscribe to OFP being scammers at all. I'm invested in our joint success, but some of these, albeit fairly young policies, T&C's and approaches really do need senior attention.

Final update: No follow-up from OFP to the comment on this review after a month. So, I'm left to assume this was for show. When re-raised with support, the support manager referred me to the original response from support and asserted that no EAs are allowed - even though Social Trader Tools, (which is advocated as a copy tool) is an EA. The 1 star score mostly reflects my experience with the closed account, which resulted from their poor instruction on Copy trading my own OFP accounts, and an unwillingness to recognised that the situation emanated from this. Still, at the time of this review, nowhere does it say that not emailing your details to support prior to copying your other accounts will end in account closure.",

"I have experienced trading that feels very good.",

"Good communication and fast service",

"Good platform",

"Excellent experience with OFP from day one. Responsive and available with any question I have. Great programs and good prices. Easy to use dashboard. Everything has been seamless, even through the recent shake-up in the industry. Expecting my first payout this month. Highly recommend!",

"Easy Setup but Support is slow and Dashboard is very poor.",

"Support helped me out

After purchase I got the login very fast.
After 2 days I had an issue with the MT5 connection to the dashboard which was solved by the support team now, so I can continue the journey....",

"Buenas! quiero invertir aqui y comprar una cuenta, pero no le encuentro sentido o mas bien no logro entender correctamente la regla "Regla del Valor del Comerciante"

Ningún día de negociación puede representar el 25% o más del total acumulado de pérdidas y ganancias (PnL) desde el último pago o compra de la cuenta. Si una cuenta tiene una puntuación igual o superior al 25%, el pago se pospondrá hasta la próxima fecha de revisión y se agregará al pago posterior. La puntuación se reinicia al realizar el pago. Tener una puntuación de inconsistencia alta NO resultará en el cierre de la cuenta.

alguien me puede dar un ejemplo muy claro por favor",

"El servicio al cliente es malo tardan mucho le dan muchas vueltas y tienen mucho problema con sus plataformas muchas irregularidades se cierran antes los trade, o no se activan o cuando quieres cerrar no hay coneccion",

"I cant to see more detail when i click open, its loading and loading not show detail, so I can't manage my account.",

"الشركه مميزه لانه تجعلك تدير راس مالك بصوره صحيحه ودقيقه",

"Amazing Firm.
This firm is just a treasure in the space of prop firms,
Allows starting immediately to make money with logical and fair rules of consistency and not gambling.
Top-notch support,
Good Payout options,
Currently, 2 Trades away from my first-ever payout and I hope I come back to endorse the speed of their payouts also :)",

""Hello everyone. I advise against trading on this platform. They will never pay your gains. I started with them on 13/02, and by 01/03/24, I had realized a total of 7.24% returns. On 03/03/24, the payout date was supposed to be, but they postponed it to 04/03/24, citing an excuse from 02/03/24. This morning, at 6:51 on 03/03/24, I received an email saying my account was breached. They claim it's because I was scalping, even though their platform claims to accept all trading styles, including scalping. They breached my account just because I scalped. If you haven't deposited funds on this platform yet, honestly, don't. I've traded on instantfunding.io without any issues and always received my payments. This is my first experience with this platform, and I realize they are thieves."",

"Both my 100k and 200k account trades were forced to close with losses and not compensating for my losses.",

"Bought an account . Log in details didn't arrive . When they did about a day plus later . They didn't actually work granting log in access . Up until now as I write its still not up and running . .",

"te responden cuando le dan la gana , compre un cuenta y no me han pasado los datos de la cuenta y el soporte ni me responde",

"Haven’t been able to sign into my account and or the server it’s been over 24 hours and my currency of choice was the wrong one",

"Tuyệt vời moi người ạ",

"Scam company!",

"Update delay.
Mt5 không kết nối",

"The process of onboarding is smooth and quick support to resolve the issue.",

"Long story short, I signed up for new accounts.

What happened was I had near drawdown close to my 5% limit so I stopped trading.

The dashboard then shows a daily reset after 12midnight (Singapore time). So I took a trade, it says I violated my 5%, meaning my minor drawdown affected the last day's limit.

If there was no reset why does the dashboard do that? Knowing we depend on our dashboard for critical information apart from the trading platform.

I have screenshots taken but they dispute it. I lost 2 accounts at one go.",

"Time is money and OFP make the time more value. Just focus on your plan and keep patient. You can get the best benefit from company.",

"they respond fast and have some great experts",

"Easy to subscribe and no surprise",

"Plan are great ,best instant funding program",

"Good contact and easy guiding thanks always for help",

"Instant funds is the best choice for most of trader",

"Went $15 over my daily drawdown, not even a loss, a drawdown and was told that I had forfeited over $2.5k profit. So they just took all the profit I made. As usual, yet another rip off prop firm that takes money and profit to gain for just them. Customer service rude as well. So tired of all these scammy prop firms. With rules that only benefit them. Wont be recommending and I’m on a platform of over 4 thousand traders so will be letting them know not to go to OFP.",

"La empresa es mui buenas el soporte es de los mejor y cuando compra una cuenta temandan la credencial muirapido deberda mui sería la empresa",

"Good 👍😊 welcome me well",

"I've been trading on OFP for over 8 months now. Started with a 50K account, now I have a 100K model with them. The instant funding model attracted me, of-course with a slight skeptic view as new firms popping out every day. But, to great surprise, OFP Funding had been great of a prop firm in this industry.

Wishing them all the best and continued success.",

"That is best opportunity to earn from demo account which only providing by OFP. Specially recommended for those who can follow money management, one specific strategy for any currency pair. This opportunity will provide to stablish more trader in future.",

"The company seems like a great deal, I will purchase my account and trade. Hope to get a payout soon that keeps the trading rules covered.",

"Affordable and shows understanding with why. They have customer service quick to respond with questions. And they have great chat groups on various platforms to not feel alone",

"I personally haven't tried them but have friends who have. Other than the high purchase price of their accounts, I don't think I have any issues with their company",

"very good OFP models because there is no monthly fee and you can do the trading without any pressure.",

"OFP is a great prop firm because of the 3 following reasons:
1. Instant funding
Once you purchase an account, you can start making money immediately, no need to pass challenges with a lot of stressful period
2. Discipline training
Many traders think the Trader Value Score is frustrating but I have a different perspective: it is essential for a stable profit & strategy. This rule will help traders to practice discipline and become consistently profitable
3. Quick On-demand payout
You can withdraw the money when you meet all the criteria, there is no need to pay to a specific day. This will help talented & disciplined traders achieve a lot of profits
In conclusion, I highly recommend you work with OFP to train your discipline and grow up not only your age but also your mindset.
Let's try to purchase an account and enjoy it!",

"This process was a breeze! Many people can now get paid!
No brainer really even at the lowest rate.. really recommend it to anyone who knows how to trade and is ready to start getting paid by doing so.
5 stars over and over...",

"Very good needed response . fast and prompt",

"no hay nada mejor que recibir una cuenta con fondeo instantaneo",

"Well mannered and valuable firm for customer benefits and helpful for customers",

"OFP allows traders from all countries. They have a big range of options to suit even smaller budgets and offer a scaling plan for consistent traders.",

"Quick response: The operator responded to your query in less than 3 minutes, which is a quick response time and demonstrates good customer service.

Cordialness: The operator addressed you in a cordial and professional manner, using a friendly and respectful tone.

Accurate information: The operator answered your question in a precise and clear way, providing the information you needed.",

"Very quick support, great moderators, transparent and very fair. Good vibrant discord community. I would highly recommend this company.

This review ìs based on my personal experience following the purchase of a 25000 account. OFP did not tell me to write this review.

Thank you kindly for reading. Blessings.",

"Instant funding obviously is the cherry on the cake. And I love the profit sharing model as everybody doesn't want 100% of profits so they can opt for a 26% or 40% profit share model & Start their trading at a lower cost.",

"son muy rápidos resolviendo problemas, el soporte es muy bueno y los pagos son rápidos, espero sigan así.",

"Quick response, thanks for the help",

"Everything, your customer service response was excellent. Up and trading the same day!!",

"There are only a few instant funding prop firms that exist out there and OFP is one of the best amoung them. Rivaling even instantfunding.io",

"The Trader value rule is the only thing that every trader confused till now its not clearly understand, if that rule removed more clients will be there Sure 100% in my opinion ........",

"OPF is an excellent company for instant funding 👍OPF has a acceptable trading conditions and NO CHALLENGES, VERIFICATIONS or PROFIT TARGETS are required💪",

"Tới thời điểm này, sau 1 thời gian quá mệt mỏi vì sự quy chụp trắng trợn của OFP, bài viết này với tôi không còn ý nghĩa vì lòng tin dành cho OFP đã sụp đổ. Tôi xin phép xóa bài trong vòng 48h nữa

Tôi tham gia OFP và có vài lần rút lợi nhuận. Đánh giá về quỹ là khá tốt vì
1. Rút lợi nhuận khá nhanh và minh bạch
2. Nếu tôi vi phạm và tự giác báo trước với họ lỗi vi phạm của mình, đảm bảo 1 điều là sẽ được hỗ trợ và tạo điều kiện cho bạn tiếp tục giao dịch. Chỉ cần bạn đừng lặp lại nhiều lần vi phạm và luôn trung thực
3. 1 điều khá bất lợi là lỗi vi phạm của bạn sẽ không được nhắc nhở ngay tức thì mà phải đến ngày xem xét, nhiều người sẽ không biết điều này hoặc không để ý đến vi phạm của mình và hy vọng đến ngày payout nhưng không được xem xét. Mong OFP điều chỉnh việc này
Dù gì tôi vẫn đánh giá OFP khá ổn đối với người không muốn qua thử thách",

"The dashboard was full of useful information. it was easy to navigate, questions were easily answered. OFP appears to be a force to be reckoned with in the Industry of Forex Trading.",

"Good support 💪, customer service",

"Not that I have bought an account from them yet, but I have been monitoring their business model for the past 8 months. What I liked most is that their rules and models are much more favorable to the trader. Having the chance to be instantly funded can ease off a lot of pressure from the trader.",

"Buena empresa de fondeo, una atención al cliente rápida y clara, y un sistema de compensación bastante lucrativo. En definitiva, buena inversión en esta empresa.",

"As per my experience OFP is the one of the best instant funding prop firm. I made one withdrawal and it was prompt. They are honest, transparent and innovative. They admit their mistakes and rectify it quickly.",

"Hizo que mi experiencia fuera buena, ya que no tenía reglas comerciales que pudieran entorpecer la operativa de los Trades, y además el hecho de no tener una fase de evaluación quita muchos dolores de cabeza.",

"They are a legitimate and well sort after Prop firm they make it easier to buy trade and earn than wasting money on challenges that clearly those prop firms don,t want you to pass.",

"I had a great experience got my payout. My only issue is the rule to trade 3 times a week even when the market conditions aren't favourable.",

"The platform need to be upgraded to be similar to the propfirm fundingpips because it seems a lil old but the instant funding model is the best on the market and if they upgraded their website wich seems a lil old they will become number one in the propfirm market just to tell!",

"Good price and good services
Thanks",

"OFP providing demo account , therefore worried about transparency and reality",

"I would say this Is the best instant funding firm I came across no challenges to pass direct funded with multiple profit split models and cheap prices also the payout process is very easy and automatic we don't have to click payout it's automated and we get paid under 24hours that's the best thing",

"Es una muy buena empresa de utileria porque es seria y su soporte es muy eficiente aparte sus pagos son muy rápidos la recomiendo...",

"They very underrated and need to be known by more people. They are best.",

"Su capacidad de pago y sus cuentas muy accesibles y confiables",

"Thanks ofp for the instant funding accounts",

"El pase directo sin tener que hacer una prueba es mejor",

"He tenido una muy buena experiencia con esta compañia a pesar de no lograr retirar ni mantener la cuenta, es Una muy buena opcion para los que no quieren hacer desafios, La recomiendo",

"Best prop firm for me , and they have best support team, and no hidden rules",

"OFP it's the best instant funding trading account they have a good customer service and the best service the most important thing it's no challenge and the pay out on demand.",

"There were too many rules. The may cause you to lose account but nobody will let you know about them. It was ridiculous",

"Muy buena hasta el momento. Una calidad atención por parte de soporte, que es algo que valoro mucho personalmente. He leído varias opiniones negativas respecto a las reglas y la verdad , opino que las personas que invierten su dinero sin analizar y leerlas todas son las únicas culpables de perder el dinero cuando las incumplen. Si quieres invertir en una empresa lo primero que tienes que hacer es leer y analizar las reglas, si tú forma de operar es incompatible con las reglas no inviertas en esa compañía. Esto es un consejo para todas las personas que opten por cualquier empresa, después no violen algo y digan que es una estafa.",

"Great company, their tech support is very nice",

"u should try this firm it's amazing without any evaluation + crazy promotion + fthey give free funded accout join there discord and see with ur eyes free funded acc and take look at payout channel also to see big profit this firm pay traders",

"The MT5 Platform froze on me a few times in one day when I was ready to take out a profit. The result was a huge loss.",

"very responsive and helpful getting my trading platform setup!",

"Ofp is perfect trading funded program. First one best support side. Very polite and genuine patience support side I want to mention some ofp supporting team members. My best ofp supported persons no:1. his name is blessing and George, Bassey, yusirat, raudel.

My opinion
Ofp is perfect trading funded account because no profit targets and no demo or challenge phases and of course best supporting side. Best trading broker (no slipping trade) trading broker very important in trading life

My earnings
January 29th my first payout day. I received my payout money my Indian country bank. I received profit £1765.9 ($2222.00). And I earned best polite support. And of course trusted trading funded program. I trust ofp

trading experience
Trading is not a gambling so don't take very bad trades. Because we know some ofp rules so don't take too risk. Every trade time you should be carefully analyze day limit loss and total limit loss. Please trade best trading possession (only trade profit confirmation time)

Rules
Never lose maximum day loss and maximum loss. So mostly use correct stop-loss. TVR rules very important in ofp funded account. TVR% is your payout thing . Not too much of rules in OFP FUNDED PROGRAM (only 3 rules)

Personally I very much of love ofpfunding. Because I truly enjoyed and I feels so protective supporting side. Very best trading broker. Very excellent experience. Thank you for everything. Thanks ofpfunding.

I only one complaint in ofp funded program. The complaint is ofp website sometimes bugged. I faced that buggs. Also I reported ofp supporting side and supporting side fixed that issues.

Have a great future ofp traders.",

"Excelente servicio de atención al cliente. Rápido y conciso. Muy buenas ofertas para iniciar esta experiencia.",

"Great firm with amazing Customer support services, amazing dashboard...
Trading with the last 4 days, and let see at the end of trading period, How they gave the withdrawal.

Hope their withdrawal is so quick and unbelievable.

Regards,",

"I initially had a hard time setting up the platform but the OFP Support Team assisted me throughout the entire process. I needed a web browser version vs the usual MAC download. The support team was very, very patient and responsive. Tomorrow will be my first day of trading but I already give them 5 stars for helping me out today. THANK YOU!!",

"I bought a 100k account at 40% payout and I generated 12k in the account so they had to pay me 5k and they put stupid rules on me at the last minute and stole my account completely. You should not trust them, it is a scam disguised as a funding account.",

"Friends, pls pay attention.. I am CFA charterholder and want to share my experience and truth. First I shouldnt have opened this account because I am a long term investor. But to save fellow innocent traders writing this. This company and their entire leadership is scammers. Please don’t risk your hard earned money to let it get stolen from this cheaters. Ruggero Catalano Rossi Danielli, Marcello Chiesa and David Bernardi these scammers can manipulate any genuine trade into violation and their support will walk away with non-sense arguments to make u feel u r at fault. Once intentionally tagged as Violation, they will not refund your money and suspend the account.

I have opened a new account by paying USD 876 for 50K 80% payout plan with OFPFunding.com on 15th Jan 2024. On 16th Jan 2024, I have placed orders to trade on their platform. As per their rules the trades will be placed on Demo platform and their risk management team will place it on real market exchange. Unable to attach the screenshots from Metatrader and trade details in excel here. Since all my trade resulted in profit of USD 4575 within few minutes due to extreme volatility in market and their risk team could not place orders in market, so my profit was their loss. I executed WTI futures purchase and placed the sell limit which got executed within minutes because there was some news flashed about US strikes. Later I short sold Crude and again within minutes I made profit. All these trades were legitimate. Moreover my account balance didnt fall below 5% drawdown at any point. Unable to attach the trade screenshot and calculation here on this board. However OFPFunding has manipulated and tagged my genuine trade as violation. Moreover in less than 24 hours they refuse to refund my USD 876 and profit. They stole it and suspended my account.

I have filed a legal case against OFP at DMCC legal clinic and its owners. Its likely OFP will respond to this review below citing their rules.. but friends pls dont trust them.. its all in their favor and they can do whatever they want and can easily manipulate to turn it look like you didnt pay attention. I have given my calculation so clearly and they dont want to go by that. Moreover dont go by positive reviews.. may be few exceptional case will not override the cheating mindset of this scam company. Anything can be purchased in this world even the news.
Save yourself so that you wont be writing this kind of review in future.",

"To all interested traders,

If you are still looking for a good prop firm to join, come and try OFP Funding. When I saw the firm, I signed up and started trading without learning the rules, and having a plan in place to deal with market volatility. As a result, I blew the first 3 accounts.

I took some time off to learn about what I was doing wrong and developed a plan on how to stay alive in this trading game. I learnt all the rules, restrictions, and Q&A's from the website and Youtube channel. Understanding risk management and how to manage it for my account size was key to my trading. Without this knowledge, I will not succeed. Later in the game, I have come to realize that -- this is not gambling. It takes discipline, plan, skills, execution, and determination to make it in this business.

Today, I have reached my first target (Payout Day). It's being reviewed as I'm writing this. I hope everything will be fine. I'm looking forward to my email tomorrow about the result of the review. My share on this is an 80/20 split. I'm glad I picked this option.

I will keep you posted as I have gathered more information.

UPDATE: As it turned out, I don't get the payout. OFP said I violated martingale rule 3 times. So, my account is terminated, and the profit is down the hole. To new traders, learn the rules first before jumping in with OFP.

Best wishes to all. Happy Trading.

Cheers!",

"OFP funding is scam company
My advice is not to open an account in this company because they are a scam. They do not tell you anything until you reach the withdrawal stage and then they say that you have broken the rules. This money was used in a real account. It is better than putting it in this fake company. Please stay away from them.
From OFP company",

"Most stupid rule ever created with the TVR designed to 1) discourage adding on profitable days
2) to make withdrawal profit amount ridiculous based on highest day profit and hence more and more unattainable.

Even when I was in profit I had to lock in early and closed them out knowing a very good day will cause more troubles ahead.

Not recommending or using them anymore.",

"Las reglas son claras y me tome el tiempo de preguntar a detalle a soporte y me las supieron decir a detalle cosa que aprecio mucho, excelente soporte por cierto. Mis ganancias fueron pagadas, ahora si me tomo el atrevimiento de decir que es una excelente empresa.",

"I need technical support but there is no way to access it other than a email. The web site is unclear about how to set This is not right.",

"the worst experience ever!

i have bought an account and i have been trading for 3 months and i didn't receive any payout because of their TVR should be 25% So i have worked all this time to achieve that rule.

i reached it last 2 weeks and sent the support and told me okay iam eligible to the payout at 4 Jan and from this time i didn't do any trade .. and i woke up today and surprised that they closed my account because i use martingale which is i opened on 7 Dec buy position on EURUSD with 0.2 and after an hour opened another one with 0.3 there are only on and the rest of the trades on account is perfect.

they told me on 7 Dec that i can't use this but they should count this from next day.

so Although i reached all the rules and TVR and i waited net profit with 2080$ .. they closed my account.

i asked so many time that anyone can call me but worst support as well.

RUN.. RUN.. RUN.. it's a big scam especially that i know that well as a forex trainer at famous brokers and iam a certified person from IFTA

My account number : 51426460 on MT5",

"Son bastante amables y empaticos al momento de intentar resolver problemas,mi calificación es de 5 estrellas,fueron amables en todo momento y muy buenas sus respuestas y la soluciónes que me dieron",

"I got an email yesterday from OFP. Today was supposed to be my payout day. I have made $2,528 net profit on my $100,000 account. With an 80% sharing ratio, I was expecting a profit share of $2022 as my share in my account today, Meanwhile OFP sent an email that they detected a breach on my account. I did not breach any hard rule. On the 1st of December I placed an initial trade on gbpusd with a lot size of 0.52 risking only 1% of my capital. On the 4th of that same month I hedged the trade, that same day my tutor who introduced me to OFP called to informed me that the company does not allow hedging. so I closed all my position. I don't use martingale system, I use 0.01 lot as my initial position to measure my risk before placing the main trade. I delete the 0.01 lot after I place the main trade. so the only soft rule I breached was that of the hedged position on the 4th of December. I pleaded with OFP to give me a second chance since this was my first warning, they told me i should wait for 28days before they review my account. when i insisted that this was not fair they sent me another message that, due to multiple violation that I am not eligible for a second chance and that my account cannot be recovered. Please avoid this company for they don't have traders interest at heart. it's as if they set you up for failure. Let's inform all other traders to avoid this criminal organization. I hope the appropriate regulatory bodies will hold this company accountable for their scam operations.",

"I have received about 3 payments and I am very satisfied. As long as you do not violate the rules and the transaction is profitable, you will receive money",

"ok, trải nghiệm tốt",

"What I have realised is that the Overview Funding Program is a very strict firm, in terms of options, etc.

Their FAQ is a snapshot of the general terms & conditions. Please go through them and if you want to have a broader idea, look at their T&Cs before deciding to sign up or not.

I like OFP practice, being strict and they only attract genuine traders by that, not those using automated EAs or other tools/practices. The trade has to be yours, your analysis. I'm happy, overall.

Their customer support is exceptional, I must say.

Thank you OFP team!",

"Customer service at the highest level so far. I give ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐",

"These guys are relatively new but I enjoy the fact trading with them has no hurdles to run, their trading rules are humane and achievable. And I think they're honest and very transparent about what they're offering. Sky in my opinion is the beginning for you guys.",

"Excellent experience from ofp give chance to make money",

"It was easy for the purchase to go through, Customer service was also great.",

"I thought i found the best instant funding program but i was disappointed. First, you have to be careful with that TVR rule, otherwise you will be kept delaying payout.
But what hurts me is that people losing accounts because of some rule i've never seen anywhere. I lost my account because i had a sell on US100 and a buy on US30, just because of this i lost account/money. I will never touch this company again, nor advise anyone to go there.

I had them on my affiliate list and website, i will remove it all.

If you have for example USDJPY buy, you can't sell any XXXUSD... What kind of rule is that?",

"Ils m’ont fait un geste commercial et je suis ravi de pouvoir en bénéficier",

"Read the FAQs carefully. Comply, stay disciplined, and be consistent, we will have a good result.
OFP is very reputable, transparent and accurate.
Thanks all.",

"Eles me responderam rapidamente no chat e sanaram minhas dúvidas",

"Servicio técnico super rápido, y están pendientes a cualquier problema, muy buena experiencia hasta ahora ☺️ espero que sigan así para seguir con ellos",

"I feel this is a good company",

"deux chose que j'ai pas aimé
5% de max balance,
on peux pas faire des micro lot 0.1 sur le Nasdaq et dow, obliger 1 lot donc pour les petit compte c'est très difficile",

"El servicio al cliente es muy rápido.

Lo que aun no he podido comprender bien es la regla del valor del comerciante estoy confundido.",

"Buena es confiable y he cobrado más de una vez",

"100% recommended a perfect team of support that helps you a lot in all questions you can have.",

"Good programs for experienced traders. Additionally, their support is super fast and very helpful. Any questions I had was answered in minutes.",

"great support.",

"The best!!! I love it!!! 😎👍🏻",

"Yusirat was Really helpful and made everything clear to me and took time to explain which was really good thank you",

"IT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO WITHDRAW THE PROFITS.

The profits you make on your best day during the entire trading month cannot be more than 25% of your total withdrawal. In other words, you can practically never lose if you want to withdraw your profits.

Example: If you have a good trading day like TP 1:4 and not lose. You have to multiply x4 the profits you obtained that day and additionally you must not lose in the following days so that your balance does not obviously go down and so you can withdraw.

LOSSES ARE AN INSEPARABLE PART OF THIS BUSINESS.

If you are a consistent trader, it is better that you pass a normal challenge, because if you have a good day of profits you can withdraw it and additionally they will give you a refund for the challenge. Here, if you have a very good day of trading, you must repeat it 4 times and you cannot afford to lose any day so that you can withdraw. HAS NO SENSE. Read it twice if you don't understand.
--------------------------------------------

ES CASI IMPOSIBLE RETIRAR LAS GANANCIAS.

Las ganancias que hagas en tu mejor dia durante todo el mes de operativa no puede ser mayor al 25% de tu retiro total. O sea que no puedes perder practicamente nunca si es que quieres retirar las ganancias. si tienes un buen dia de trading TP 1:4 tienes que multiplicar por 4 las ganancias que obtuviste ese dia y adicionalmente no debes perder en los siguientes dias para que obviamente no baje tu balance y asi puedas retirar.

LAS PERDIDAS SON UNA PARTE INSEPARABLE DE ESTE NEGOCIO.


Si eres un trader consistente es mejor que pases un challenge normal, porque si tienes un buen dia de ganancias podras retirarlo y adicional te dan el reembolso del challenge. Aqui si tienes un muy buen dia de trading debes repetirlo 4 veces y no te puedes dar el lujos de perder ningun dia para que asi puedas retirar. NO TIENE SENTIDO. Leelo 2 veces sino entendiste.",

"The Support, Training Help, An Payout Soon",

"I purchased a $100,000 account with 80% profit split costing $1675 last month. Before I made payment, my research about this company. I knew they have soft rule which where the various style of trading they disapprove, but this does not lead to suspension. I used pending hedge to reduce my risk ONLY for this company to suspend my account for hedging. I did not break the hard rules like 5%DD and 10% maxDD. Please avoid this company as their rules are deceptive and designed to fail traders. I was not given a first warning. They are heartless. It was so difficult raising that money, now these criminals have stolen it,


I want to thank OFP for giving me another chance, please, problem has been settled BUT they have repeated the same scam with someone i introduced who made profit on his account the first month. He did not violate ANY rules this people are THIEVES!",

"I’m happy to review here very helpfull experience thankyou ofpfunding its a trusted prop firm",

"Yusirat was knowledgeable and able to answer my direct question. Have found often with other support they are reading off a data sheet. Yusirat answered my Trader Value Rule and made perfect sense. This is real customer support!",

"رائع وجيد جدا",

"Reseña:

Mi experiencia con OFP ha sido extremadamente desagradable y decepcionante. La falta de transparencia en la aplicación de sus reglas, específicamente en relación con la estrategia de Martingala, es simplemente inaceptable. En lugar de abordar las diferencias fundamentales entre la Martingala y el DCA, OFP opta por asimilarlas de manera irresponsable, lo que demuestra una ignorancia flagrante sobre las estrategias de trading.

Lo más frustrante es que ni siquiera brindan una advertencia o clarificación antes de cerrar la cuenta, alegando una supuesta violación de sus reglas. Esta falta de comunicación y la decisión abrupta de cerrar la cuenta demuestran una completa falta de consideración hacia sus usuarios.

La Martingala y el DCA son conceptos distintos, y la incapacidad de OFP para reconocer estas diferencias es desconcertante y perjudicial para los traders. La confianza en esta plataforma se ve gravemente afectada cuando los usuarios son castigados sin previo aviso ni oportunidad de rectificación.

La experiencia con OFP ha dejado un sabor amargo y una sensación de injusticia. No puedo recomendar esta plataforma a otros inversores, ya que la falta de transparencia y la aplicación arbitraria de reglas son señales de alerta que nadie debería pasar por alto al considerar una plataforma de trading. En lugar de facilitar un entorno justo y transparente, OFP ha demostrado ser una fuente de frustración y decepción.

====
La respuesta decepcionante.
Lo mínimo era activar la cuenta y
escribir taxativamente su definición de Martingala,
no una respuesta generica y sin sentido",

"Nice Fast response by customer service, very helpful😊",

"Hatte anfangs ein paar Schwierigkeiten beim Einrichten des MT5, aber der Support war sehr hilfreich und schnell. Beginne jetzt erst mit dem Handel. Zur Auszahlung kann ich noch nichts sagen.",

"Yusirat was patient, kind and helped me every step of the way. I appreciate he was able to help me get set up with MT4 on my desktop! Thank you very much!!!",

"Ofp is the trusted funding firm globally and they have a strong support people who attend to your queries asap.

Kudos to the OFP Family, Job well done!

We look forward to more profitable trading.",

"Bây giờ quy tắc 2 phút của công ty không còn nữa. Mọi việc giao dịch được dễ dàng hơn trước kia nhiều",

"excellent just now joined, i am going get good experience from OFP",

"They are legit and they pay out. The Rules are pretty simple to understand but really hard to achieve. I’m a swing trader and when I make like 5-10% I have to make 20-40% until I get a payout for the Consistency Score. It’s a little bit hard to achieve that goal in like 1 month. I haven’t had a payout since this new rule but I’m working on it. In the past I had like every month a nice payout. But all in all it’s a great prop firm.",

"Regrettably, my encounter with this prop firm's drawdown rule has cast a shadow over what could have been a positive trading experience. In my honest opinion, these stringent regulations overshadow, if not entirely eclipse, the merits of the rulebook.

While rules are necessary for order, the trailing drawdown policy feels like a heavy-handed commander, suppressing the very essence of trading freedom. It's disheartening to witness a set of rules that, in my view, prioritize discipline to the detriment of recognizing and celebrating genuine trading success.
Picture this: riding high on profits, only to be yanked back by a rulebook that seems more interested in discipline and seamlessly capitalizing on the trader’s failure to observe obsolete rigid rules than in celebrating genuine success. This isn't just a limitation; it's a straitjacket on the art of trading. When you close the account because the trader broke this non-trader-friendly rule literally means that you closed the account because he/she was in profit. This is how obsolete and nonsense, in my opinion, this rule really is next to real genuine profits. Full stop.

Moreover, these restrictions loom large, obscuring the positive aspects outlined in the rulebook. It's akin to having a dazzling garden overshadowed by an imposing structure. I believe that a more balanced approach like a static not only as max but also for the daily drawdown from the initial balance—one that encourages real profits while maintaining discipline—would truly elevate the trading experience for all involved.

To the company, consider this not just as feedback but as a call for recalibration. Reevaluate the drawdown policy, and let the positive aspects of your rulebook shine without being eclipsed by overly stringent restrictions. The trading world is dynamic; let the rules reflect and enhance, not stifle, its vibrancy.",

"hard to execute with the 1/100 leverage but everything is good and clean with the transaction",

"GREAT DESIGNING FOR PRO-TRADER ROAD. THANKS",

"OFP Funding advertises that they have ONLY 3 Trading rules:
5% Daily Draw-Down
10% Total Draw-Down
25% Trader Value Rule

I purchased a $25,000 trading account on 17 October 2023 which I traded carefully and diligently over the last 4 weeks. I did not breach any of the trading rules (or so I thought) over the 4 week period. Every day I checked the trader dashboard to make sure the account was well within limits of the daily draw-down limit.
There is a countdown timer, that counts down the days to the next payout. This is something that any trader would look forward to and systematically trade every day to work towards this payout goal.

Last night the countdown timer had 1 day to go to payout. I was confident that no rules had been breached, as the smart dashboard metrix would have and should have notified me. I closed all the positions on the account and had a decent profit to be withdrawn today.

Instead, I woke up to an email from OFP support with the heading account violation and that the account is suspended!

The reason is Hedging. You are not allowed to have a buy and sell position regardless of lot size on the same trading instrument at any time.
accompanied by a screenshot of this "prohibited offense" happening on 17 OCTOBER !!

So on Day 1 of trading a ridiculous rule of no hedging positions is violated and I get told nothing about it. I am left to continue trading for 27 more days, only to get told about this on the day of the supposed payout.

This is UNACCEPTABLE!

Hedging in itself is a risk management tool available on ALL MT4/5 accounts and if used correctly; as for example before a news event to have zero exposure until after the news settles, is a very useful tool in any trader's toolbox.

I am writing this review to save potential clients valuable time and money and not to waste a whole month of diligently trading an account for nothing!

Support response after explaining my issue of why only informing after 28 days instead of day 1 is generic and unsympathetic.

It seems OFP will use any excuse not to pay out their clients.",

"Best support team with best support manager Raudel. Each time he delivers helps on best time .. best of all...",

"Great experience. I was initially hesitant but found the rules for a payout to be clear and, more importantly, well aligned with my personal trading strategy. I already received my first payout which was very smooth and I am looking forward to the next!",

"Mi hanno bloccato un account da 100000$ perchè avrei usato la strategia martingala su alcuni trade di oltre due settimane fa, cosa che non intendevo assolutamente fare e che non rientra nel mio stile. In risposta alla mia richiesta di potrer proseguire a tradare con quell'account, come avevo fatto fino ad oggi, mi hanno elencato le strategie che non ammettono, (che sono tante), aggiungendo che non ammettono vari stili di trading sospetti, (quindi, così facendo, possono contestare tutto e trovare tutte le cuse possibili per non pagare i profitti ai traders!). State lontani!!!
They blocked my $100,000 account because I allegedly used the martingale strategy on some trades from over two weeks ago, which I absolutely did not intend to do and which is not my style. In response to my request to be able to continue trading with that account, as I had done until today, they listed the strategies they do not allow, (which are many), adding that they do not allow various suspicious trading styles, (therefore, by doing so, they can dispute everything and find all possible reasons not to pay profits to traders!). Stay away!!!",

"After more than one month of emails between me, my partner and OFP, they still refused to give the payout even though we gave them a clear explanation and there was clearly no rule violation. My partner gave them a bad review, then they attempted to bribe her to change it. Additionally, they lied in their reply about the violation that happened. All in all this company is corrupt and I highly suggest you don't work with them.",

"So far good
No Problem",

"The purchase was swift and in less than 24 hours I had my log in credentials. Very good response time. I hope it’s same speed even payouts.",

"After I informed the support they fixed the problem and sent me the Credentials of the new account
Thank you, OFP, you are truly a serious company",

"Dopo quasi 1 anno devo dire che hanno migliorato le situazioni che c'erano prima, le 2 regole insignificanti, 3 day a week e 2 min, regole assolutamente inopportune per chi fa trading, togliendole, direi che hanno esponenzialmente aumentato fiducia e capito il trader, perchè alla fine chi è un trader vincente, lo sarà nel lungo periodo, non servono barriere c'è gia il mercato, chi è perdente sarà perdente anche senza regole, anzi per la fretta di fare soldi brucierà il conto in 1 giorno.",

"Hola, hoy quiero darle tranquilidad a personas que estén pensando comprar alguna cuenta con OFP y decirles que estén tranquilos, hace unos días compre mi cuenta, y por algún motivo el pago no se vio reflejado por lo que no me dieron las credenciales, sin embargo el equipo de soporte estuvo activo todo el tiempo, respondiendo mis mensajes y dándome tranquilidad, finalmente me dieron mis credenciales, y puedo dar FE que su dinero no se va a perder nunca al momento de comprar con esta empresa.",

"OPF claims to give 3 simple rules to trade and that "you are allowed to use any genuine strategy you want".
However, the "genuine trading behaviors" clause leaves you disadvantaged as it is subject to their interpretation.",

"I registered a 25K - 80% account with an amount of $443, however after paying with OFP through the Trustpayment portal, my money was deducted from my account but OFP did not send any account information.
24 hours later I received my account, a bit slow but acceptable, will rate 5* if the service is good later!",

"Le diera 5 estrellas si permitieran herramientas de gestion de Riesgo como easyorder entre otras mas, esto pienso que seria la cereza que le hace falta al pastel para considerar esta como una de las mejores empresas de fondeo instantanea.",

"My experience with the OFP direct financing company was wonderful and exceptional in an indescribable way. I advise everyone to buy accounts funded by this legendary company. I hope to see more progress, development and facilities for traders in this company.",

"Great customer support
I had a problem not be able to accessing my account, and they fixed it quickly",

"Me dieron las credenciales a la hora que hice el pago y la verdad todo super, con mucho entusiasmo por empezar a sacar beneficios ! Tengo amigos que ya están retirando dinero sin problema",

"Le doy 5 estrellas a ofp gracias a su nueva actualización de sistemas donde eliminan los 3 dias de financiación..",

"Dear friends, I would like to share with you my sincere experience made with OFP Funding since August 2023. The account opening process went quite well and quickly. However, this was the only perfect process. In other words, cashing-in at OFP works well and that’s it. After I paid the amount, I would be better off now, if I had forgotten everything and the OFP, rather than losing a lot of my worthy time and nerves.Instead of an IC-Markets account, they opened a Blueberry account. I did not care first, as the instruments were the same. Having started with trading, I realized, that the trading froze from time to time and did not let me trade properly. These MT5-account freezes lasted sometimes for 2-3 days. During this time I did not have any control of my open positions. When I wrote to the Support Team, they answered only, they were aware about this issue.Some weeks later,same issues. Again, their answer was, that they were sorry and would look for a solution. Having traded normally for some days, the account freeze came again. After a new complaint, they changed my account from Blueberry to ICMarkets. Unfortunately, these trade freezes occurred on ICMarkets as well.The dashboard never worked properly, never showed where I was about. All indicators were wrong and nothing had any relation to my account. I had to verify my account more than 14 times and the verification button appeared again. When new account rules were introduced, I was flagged with the old 2-minutes rule. The support team told me, that I should ignore these and follow the new rules. Some days later, my account was set inactive because of violation. After my complaint, they set it active again. As I am a very patient person, I always thought, these guys at OFP were good people, who are on one hand technically centuries behind the prop firm industry, on the other hand as they are always friendly….I should give them the time and chance to improve them. Even though, they made me lose my profit from 600 Pounds to 112 Pounds last month, because of trade freezes. And from these 112 Pounds they cut and cut my profits and paid me 16.75 Pounds only, because of excuses nowhere written on their webpage. OK, not really satisfied, however, with a new attitude this month I followed all their rules and reached almost 528 Pounds profit. And this morning I got the email, that my account was suspended because of violation. The reason was apparently “Martingale”. I traded very small lots and always all the risk management in my mind, they suddenly came up with Martingale rule. This was not a problem last month and even this month I had other instruments, which could be in their eyes also Martingale. But they did not flag them as Martingale. They took arbitrarily one Index pair and punished me with Martingale. Their promotion was always the same, only three rules: daily drawdown, total drawdown and Value Rule. Friends, stay away from this scam company. My mistake was, not reading the negative assessments on Trustpilot beforehand. As problems occurred one by one, I started reading the red-star Trustpilot comments and realized, that those people were all right. Everything they mentioned was true. This OFP is fooling me around endlessly. Always one step ahead and then 2 steps back. As the signs of fraudulence started very quickly to appear, luckily I could stop myself from buying more accounts. When they changed their website and introduced new programs and rules, I was suspicious, if this a new fraud action of this company in order to trap more victims. When I received an email with the promotion of the new programs with 80% profit share, I asked them, that I was looking for good reasons to buy a new account, as my current account did not work, neither dashboard nor the MT5 account. Thanks God again, I did not fall into their new trap and did not buy an 80% account. Friends, we are all humans and if we are once focused on buying something, then we have only the positive things in our minds and all the negative things we hide mentally or we do not want to see. However, if there are negative comments on anything, these are actually the points we should question and think and think again, why all those people have taken so much time and written these comments on Trustpilot. It is very easy to collect 5-stars with trivial comments.The more important thing is, how they work in practice, how they solve problems, how they pay people…all these things are written in the negative comments only (unfortunately).The worst thing is, that there is no regulation authority, who takes any legal action against such fraudulent companies like OFP Funding.They are making business with the principle “The world is big enough for finding people to trap”. That’s their business model.",

"Excelente compañía, en su momento dude en comprar por las reglas de los 2 minutos y mínimos días operados. Ya esa regla no existe, pude comprar la cuenta y acabo de recibir mi primer pago😍🙏
Super recomendable la atención al cliente tanto en discord como en la web!",

"Buen día en este momento se experimenta un trabajo por parte de la compañía y las mejoras que ahora se ven se refleja el trabajo y satisfacción para los clientes como yo.",

"Company reserves the right to deny payout to clients because they do not have objective guidelines as to what is considered "inconsistent behaviour", meaning they do not give a decent explanation for why payout is denied and are not receptive of clients explaining their strategies in detail. After 3 years of trading professionally with the same consistent strategy, this is the first company to deny payout due to "gambling behaviour" although said company do not have sufficient evidence to prove their case and are not receptive of another point of view. Do not recommend as I have lost a lot of money buying accounts and not getting paid profits earned through legit strategy.

EDIT: Would like to add that after the publication of this review, the company OFP tried to bribe me into changing my review by offering me a free account *only* in exchange for a better review. In addition, the response given by said company below this review offers false information which does not by any means represent the strategy and rules I have been applying for 3+ years. An average lot size of 10 and a jump to 0.01 lot size positions is an absurd strategy, if any, and has not been applied by me nor will it ever be by any sane trader. This false accusation and the bribe from the company in question only justifies my original statement and should be recorded for the purpose of warning other traders from having to go through the same experience with said company.",

"Esto es casi perfecto, es lo mejor por el momento, broker serio, sin desafíos... que mas podemos pedir?",

"Servicio al cliente rápido y efectivo y siempre muy amables.
Reglas de operativa mínimas
Cumplen con los pagos y llegan Rápido las transferencias.
Mejoras continúas como el aumento del profit Split.
Contento con OFP..
Gracias por vuestro trabajo.",

"With all this new changes, the company become more easy to go.",

"Cada dia OFP mejora para brindar un mejor servicio a sus clientes financiado, en las reglas no son cerrados, toman decisiones de acuerdo a los parámetros que ellos analizan en cada cuenta, teniendo en cuenta las reglas estipuladas. Excelente empresa OFP
No recomiendo esta empresa.. OFP..actualmente..",

"Knew OFP about half a year ago. Really appreciating the way they've changed themselves to be competitive in the prop firm market.

2 good things they've just made: better payout up to 80% for instant program, and better scaling program.

But the best thing is their prices. They have the most competitive pricing for instant program in the market.

There are many things still not looking attractive to traders though: no EA and no copy trade from external accounts.
Without them, traders will be reluctant to add OFP to their prop firm lists.
Myself for example, I've already had account in other prop firms, then why would I add OFP since there is no way I can manage OFP and my current accounts at the same time.
Their business is built on demo account and risk team model, which means no live trade from traders. Then no EA and no external copy trading are unnecessary from my perspective.",

"Me siento muy bien con la atención al cliente son muy precisos y rapidos.",

"El soporte es muy bueno , veo como resuelven las inquietudes de las demás personas en el canal y lo hacen de forma magnifica, bien explicada y respetuosa
considero que es una muy buena opción.",

"Muy buenos días,me ha gustado la rapidez con la que me atendieron,acabo de comenzar con mi cuenta real,espero tener una buena experiencia en un mes.",

"I purchased an account for almost $500 USD . I placed some trades and made profit. But I had a trade that was closed because it hit take profit and for some reason it did it fast because the market started moving and it moved within 2 minutes of me setting the trade up. And so I was penalized because the market decided to move fast and close my trade hitting my take profit. So the same day I paid that they closed my account because the market moved fast and closed me out within 2 minutes. This is unfair because we don't have control over how fast a market moves. So pretty much a lost about $500 in one day's time because of something out of my control. I think this needs to be revisited and redesign if you want to keep an honest and reputable prop firm",

"Servicio y atención excelente. Procesos claros y rápidos. Extraordinaria plataforma y funcionalidad.",

"honest review for OPF, I have working with them since January, and I got 3 payouts and received every payout in less than 12 hours, 4th one is coming in a few days InshaAllah, best instant program for me because of the cheap prices and the high drawdown limits, 5% DD and 10% Max DD which is very high for me if we compare to other instant programs, Quick Support and Overall experience is really good with OFP.",

"I'm so grateful to OFP, for the unlimited account provided and the additional accounts bonus I got. Thanks again",

"..........",

"So far so good. Prompt costumer service",

"Me gustaría que el valor que sea cobrado sea el mismo que aparece en la página ya que me costó más de 58 usd",

"Gracias a OFP por hacer posible que yo pueda acceder a altos capitales para hacer trading, el servicio es muy bueno y siempre estan dispuestos a responder dudas a cualquier inquietud!",

"OFP production is very well
But the dashboard need updates faster follow real time
You should make additional the value of balance/ equity to stop trade for each day",

"late account payment",

"Being customer since one year now never had a problem with them! Of course you must follow their rule if you want to trade with them. As long as you're following the rule you will never have a problem",

"Đội ngũ hỗ trợ nhanh",

"1. I refer to OFP Team’s reply on Trustpilot on 29th Aug 2023.

2. The reply of OFP Team was very disappointing as everyone can see that they just replied points that were advantageous to them and ignored the rest.
OFP Team were unable to answer :
Since is 1 payout, then why my dashboard was indicated account type is 80% Monthly?

3. I said I have paid an expensive lesson of 2000USD, I did not said I had purchased 2000USD on 80% model, factually, I paid £1493 for 100k which is equivalent to 2000USD and compare of purchasing 40% lifelong 100k account, I had paid double price on it BUT benefits are the WORSE. Beside 1 payout, I am not even allowed to make a mistake to close a trade under 2 minutes which lifelong account is permitted regardless the previous payout is negative or positive profit. Therefore, OFP Team replied “…The trading rules were the same as all the other accounts…” was a lie.

4. When I requested to pay by credit card, I was told by Live Chat staff that 80% model was exceptional case on compulsory pay by crypto,therefore, I have to spend more service charge to buy crypto for payment.

5. According to the Live Chat staff, I was told 80% model is a promotion so there is no 10% referral fee awarded to the person who referred me by using his affiliation link.

6. Up till now, I never receive an official notification from OFP saying that I violated their rule and hence, my account has been terminated. My account simply became “Inactive”.
As the MT4 still trade as normal we can see that this is obviously OFP trying to continue copy trade without giving any payout if I don’t discover it.

7. For lifelong account, OFP allow trader to make mistake for one or two trades martingale strategy, but 80% model is not allow, this sentence was confirmed by the manager by the name of Raudel, therefore, I am confused which rule have I violated and get terminated?
Is 2 minutes rule or Martingale rule or both?

8. For everyone’s info: my previous payout is negative profit of 0.9%, currently my account is in positive profit. Therefore, it is ridiculous that OFP terminated my account quietly just because I had made a mistake of 2 minutes rule or a mistake of martingale trade which both violations are acceptable without termination on all lifelong account, moreover I had paid double price on it and never receive any payout.

9. I do understand if I am a risky trader, I might cause a big loss to OFP. However, what kind of losses will OFP suffered if I have accidentally close a trade under 2 minutes with a profit or a martingale strategy with a profit?
Answer:
A) OFP has gain the profit of copy trade even if I closed it more than 1 minute but less than 2 minutes as 2 minutes rule was a new rule just implemented recently.
B) OFP has found a good opportunity to forfeit £1493 on my registration
C) OFP has gain all copy trade of all my past trading profit with zero payout to me.

10. OFP staff unable to show any video explanation to proof of the exceptional rules on 80% model, but they keep advice me to read over those hidden rules on their website that has been removed when the 80% model promo expired on 17th July 2023. Hence, it is totally unfair to terminate my account quietly when the T & C on 80% model was removed on OFP website.

11. OFP T & C did not state that they can set our account to “Inactive” quietly without email to inform us. Kindly show your proof of sending out email to me over here to prove that I am lying.",

"La respuesta de soporte ha sido buena, pero el cuanto al broker Blueberry Markets, en
MT5 presenta irregularidades, lo cual me parece un punto muy negativo, pues llevo operando varios días ya, y este problema se me ha presentado en varias ocasiones. Y no he sido el único, en discord toda la
Comunidad presenta esta misma falla.

Deberían prestarle más atención, ya que este es un instrumento fundamental para un trader, y es necesario que siempre esté óptima. No que presente tantas fallas en menos de un mes, espero este inconveniente se solucione pronto.

De resto todo va bien, espero poder estar retirando y comentándoles cómo va El Progreso .",

"Je pense que cette société est bien pour les commerçants, j'ai entrein d'essai ofp , je souhaite que ofp été bien pour tous le monde merci",

"Excelente empresa de fondeo Excelente broker 100% recomendado voy a mi tercer mes con con y todo muy bien con mis pagos",

"Overall experience found to be good. The support system was extremely robust and satisfactory.",

"Hola lo que mas me gusta aunque voy comenzando es que al dia siguiente te aprueban tu cuenta y ya puedes comenzar a tradear excelente empresa.",

"At first everything was fine. I received my first payout without any problems. After the second month they didn't pay me on my payout date and didn't tell me why I wasn't receiving a payout. They requested a video explaining my strategy. No other prop firm does this. They owe me $2000.

Edit: Today 11/10/2023 I received an email from trustpilot saying OFP funding has flagged my review. This is the second time they tried to take down my review. This company is dishonest. The fact is I made a profit and didn't break any rules and didn't receive a payout. And when I asked why I didn't receive a payout and what rules I may have broken, they wouldn't answer.",

"excelente empresa de fondeo mas de 1 año trabajando con ellos muy puntuales en sus pagos y excelente atencion",

"They have a lot of hidden rules in the Terms & Conditions page deliberately set to trap and deny payouts. For example, they have the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time, refuse of withdraw when you trading with no stop loss, not enough trade duration or change strategy after a winning trade,...
DON'T BUY THEIR ACCOUNT!!!",

"they just denied my payout
the reason is I didn't hold my positions as long as usual last week
although I didn't break any rules but they still assist that it's gamble
pls new traders pls stay away from this company
they will try to give any reason to deny your payout and stole your profit
pls take time to read all 1 star review them you will know what to do",

"I tried to contact the support to upgrade my account because my DD exceded the limit for the 50k
Right now I'm up 8k, but I'll never see this money so don't buy it's only a waste of time.
I suggest OFP to stop the account directly from meta, and not send just an email (that go in the spam)",

"Scam
Scammers looking for a trivial reason to pay
Today I lost my account after I made 8% profits in it over the past month, but they did not pay me on the payment date, and they said that the account is reviewed for a period of 15 trading days and because of this long period I lost the account because I was very frustrated for a whole month of fatigue and burning nerves, then after achieving profits they do not pay For you, I will not buy an account with you anymore. I will go to other financing companies that give a challenge. As you know, the companies have become open for the period of time, and there you will not face the issue of forcing you to trade 3 days in a week, the issue of the size of contracts and a lot of stupid rules found here.",

"bảng điều khiển tương đối rễ sử dụng",

"Excelente todo el servicio y el funcionamiento",

"LA VERDAD QUE LUEGO DE UN COMENTARIO NEGATIVO DE PARTE MÍA, ENTIENDO QUE COMETÍ UN ERROR Y LO ACEPTO. LA EMPRESA SOLO HIZO CUMPLIR LAS REGLAS Y YO LAS VIOLÉ. AGRADECIDO POR UNA NUEVA OPORTUNIDAD CON ESTA EMPRESA VAMOS POR UNA NUEVA EXPERIENCIA Y OJALÁ NO COMETA NINGÚN ERROR PARA PODER FONDEARME.",

"Quiero decir que no recomiendo esta empresa, En mi caso particular tuve muy malas experiencias con ella. Siento que me Robaron mi dinero. lean mi experiencia y saquen ustedes sus propias conclusiones.
1-Tienen una regla de 2 minutos, que no te permite equivocarte porque pierdes tu cuenta. En mi caso particular perdí, 2 cuentas por esta regla. Pero lo que Más me molesta es quela segunda vez me dejaron tener profitt, para el día de hacer retiro decirme que días atrás cerré 2 operaciones antes de los dos minutos. Me pregunto por qué no avisaron en el momento, porque lo hicieron cuando estaba en profitt? Se quedaron con el dinero de la compra y con el profitt
2-Son mentirosos, su programa de referido es una estafa, toman el cliente traído a la empresa por ti y luego te inventan algo para no darte el beneficio o pago por traer al cliente, yo referí a mi esposa, compramos una cuenta del 10 mil con el programa del 80% que incluso es más cara que el resto de los programas,40% o 26%, de veneficio, y resulto que el referido solo aplica para los programas menores, el programa de 80% era una promoción. Correcto me pregunto, donde estaba escrito que los referidos solo valían para programas menores? Si una persona trae un referido a la compañía, este compra el que más le convenga, si no cuenta algún programa, lo lógico es que lo digan, que este escrito en alguna parte, porque la compañía gano conmigo y yo le traje un referido gratis. Son unos mentirosos
3- Porque siento que es estafa esta empresa?
Bueno, mi esposa opero durante un mes, y resulto que tuvo que avisarles que tocaba pago, ya que estaba en profitt, ya que pasado los 29 días no había recibido el correo de pago. Cuando le escribió, primero dijeron que ellos avisaban por correo, pero a insistencia de mi esposa revisaron y pasaron varias horas para responder que la cuenta sería suspendida porque se detectó 2 violaciones, se realizó martingala y cobertura cosa prohibida por la empresa, señores nunca hubo ninguna martingala, martingala en pocas palabras es un sistema de apuestas progresivo en el cual doblarás tu apuesta tras una pérdida, nunca hubo una perdida ni mucho menos se dobló o triplico la posición, simplemente mi esposa fue entrando al mercado medido en el rango que era favorable, que ella creía que el precio llegaría, sin cerrar ninguna posición y con un mismo potaje, nada que ver con martingala, martingala dice que pierdes y doblas, triplicas y así mientras pierdes, aquí no fue así se entró con 0.15 a medida que el precio entraba en el rango que teníamos previsto. a y esto ocurrió una semana antes del cobro, en fin se quedaron con el costo de la cuenta y el profitt
4- dijeron que hizo operación de cobertura, no sé quién analiza los trades , pero saben lo que es decir
que se ejecutó una operación de cobertura teniendo 2 trade en marcha y una estando a su favor 3a1, simplemente iba a cerrar una de las posiciones y por error se activó una orden y por su regla de los dos minutos no se pudo cerrar antes y de cerro a los 3.
En fin, consideró que la empresa no es transparente, que va a buscar la forma de no pagarte, No son legales actúan de mala fe.",

"Sus reglas escritas son inútiles, hacen sus propias reglas al contenido de su corazón y curiosamente, estas reglas se aplican solo cuando alguien es rentable y quiere cobrar, pero si los comerciantes pierden, ahi sino les importa.",

"First of all, you must be a profitable trader to be on here. I see a few people are putting bad reviews just because they blew up their account and didn't read and follow the rule. This is what makes us traders disciplined. I love OFP and wish them to be around many years from now and grow together as myself a trader. This is an honest review and I don't write reviews unless I go through it. Thank you OFP and happy trading !!!",

"Very nice experience with ofp i have just started trading with ofp.",

"i working 3 months with OFP..rules r totally waste..Traders not using same lot size on all orders..
gold is most volatile pair..so traders using low lot size..
we change the lot size depends on risk reward ratio..(if risk is low we use higher lot size)..

Rules r really worst.. Don't waste your time and money..
There r many instant funding prop firms with weekly payout and without rules..

Good byee...OFP..
(Sorry for my english)..",

"WHAT A SCAM! WOLD RATE 0 IF I COULD!

Is this a prop firm? Read carefully and you guys decide. I am just sharing what I experienced. It doesn't benefits me, and most of you guys see a 4-5 stars reviews because ofp has this fidelity program, which gives points to people so they get discount from their purchase, I won't say they are fake, but most may be untrue.

Ofp pays only every 28 days, and when it approaches the 28th days, they send me a "deferred payout" for another 28 days to request a payout. The reason was stated that I did not close the trade, so they automatically defer my payout, and I have to "no choice" continue to trade for another 28 days. Why didn't notify me? At least send an email letting the traders know.

The dashboard also got problem, regarding to the 28days payout, the dashboard shows a 2 days delayed time to 10 August payout date, where originally supposed to be 8 August, this made me think that I had 2 more days to trade before reach payout day. Then after me sending email to them, they say it my fault that I did not count 28 days from the account credentials being send.

Moreover, when you reach to their support, sometime you can feel the unwillingness to provide you the support. You can try, if you don't believe.

One of the most annoying thing that their service is that there is no warning or notification at all! There is this really stupid rule called "2 minutes rule", where traders are not suppose to open and close a trade within 2 min. The room for mistake is only 1 time. What do you guys think? Reasonable? What if the market is going volatile or what if you accidentally enter a wrong trade (clicked the wrong button, instead of buy you accidentally click on sell), does that mean you have to wait til 2 minutes and wait for either losses or profit (good case) then you can close? Surely OFP does not want to you earn, they just want to you pay for their account. So what I want to share is that they only notify you when you violated, which means, when you made the first mistake they won't warn you first, they wait quietly and once they spot that you did the second violation, they say send an email say they are sorry, that I have violated, you cannot do anything but accept the fact, because it it their rule. However, when you purchase or you reach to their website, you cannot find the clauses or rules (probably not easily to find), they just state that, the three rules are daily, max drawdown and trade 3 days per week.

Tons of complain to be made, another one is that when they reply your email regarding to violation, they reply almost immediately, but when you ask about your payout, their reply take forever. Is it they try to drag their payout, or ....? You guys decide.

One of my friends has also joined OFP, they OFP sent payout email to him, then they deducted part of his profit, stating that he has made "martingale trades" on his account, which is also part of the "hidden rule" when you ask on discount, then they will show you the screenshot. In this case, they keep your deducted profit, and then you only take the rest. However, it was not martingale after checking with discord members. After that, they said payout will be process within 24-48hours (fair enough, though is slightly slow), then 48 hours later, no actions have been made from them, asking what expectations should I have, and no reply was given, no email received regarding to payout has been process nor profit deducted from my trading account.

After having said everything that I experience, I concluded that they may just want you to purchase and not paying your profit. Therefore, if you guys want to registered and purchase with this firm, PLEASE THINK TWICE!!! I cannot even withdraw the profit I made because of the stupid "hidden rule" of "2 minutes rule"",

"The service was slow. Noone responded on time. Still haven't received my follow up.",

"I don't need to attempt the challenge, the supportive staff provides enthusiastic guidance on withdrawals. There is a low transaction fee.",

"ya había tenido 1 cuenta anteriormente y llegaron bien los retiros correspondientes, ahora voy con una cuenta nueva espero que funcione bien todo nuevamente y seguir en OFP ya que es una muy buena opción en cuanto a retiros instantáneos",

"Rápida respuesta",

"I find OFP to be one of the best instant funding company, they are reliable,quick withdrawal and friendly crew.",

"I got my account quickly after purchase and trading was instant.
The profit after the end of 28 days also pays very quickly and accurately.
When I have a question I need to answer I send an email to the support team, they also respond very quickly and answer in a simple and understandable way to satisfy my question.
I find OfP to be an amazing company.
Thank you very much OFP",

"i am very excited when trading with OFP. The rule is so good for become pro trader.",

"He logrado hacer mi primer retiro. creo que es una buena plataforma para trabajar!",

"Performance good and platform also good",

"rất tốt rất ok",

"Llevo años trabajando con cuentas directas pero con pagos mensuales y objetivos mínimos de 5% y he conocido OFP y no he dudado en probar aquí y voy a intentar sacar un retiro.Gracias OFP por esta oportunidad",

"Ho appena iniziato a fare trading su questa piattaforma ma gia' mi piace molto. I punti di forza? E' senza challenge di valutazioni e il prezzo e' buono. Io ne ho girati molto prima di scegliere. Lo consiglio.",

"Support is good. Email reponse is almost immediate. Great to be funded live account without evaluation but would be better if profits sharing is 50 -- 50. Also profits withdrawal only can be sent back to credit card bank, will be better if can be sent to a savings bank in my country Singapore.",

"Honestly you are not a real profirm. A real profirm will want traders to profit from their capital, a real profirm will have resources and support available to traders who already join your program.
Let's see what we have with OFP ?
A dashboard and website is so bad that it's hard to know if an account is active or not.
A very long set of implicit rules in clause 5.4 that can lead to account termination but is not mentioned on their website or social platforms, which shows their ambiguity. Rules that lead to account breaches should be put in a place where everyone can see them and on their platforms there should be posts to warn traders but they don't.
Speaking of Raudel, you need to know that he locked my main discord account while I was explaining it to him but I haven't given any false information in the general chat, which annoys me and I just created many other discords to talk to him. So if he believes I'm wrong,why not let me publicize the information in the chat group so that the community can decide if I deserve to have my account terminated or not?
Over the past year or so I've seen a lot of things newbies don't see about locking the accounts of traders with big profits and then paying normal payout to regain the community's trust. This has happened many times but after each such time people's trust in your company will decrease and in due time you will scam like your old project.
For those who don't know, Ofp's predecessor is Overviewfx which is a company that provides courses and signals, before that they did not have the experience and financial capacity to operate a real profirm. Find a way to eliminate the traders have big profits and pay smaller payouts for trust, everything has been seen by me but the fact that you pay profits in May makes me trust you and can you explain the same Trading strategy in May can withdraw money, but not in July?
I'm not going to stop here but after thinking I don't think it's necessary to bring you down while you are not a real profirm, let the members decide if they should join a “profirm”with no trust from the community or not.Ofp will close the project soon and open another one for successful bleaching, goodbye fake profirm.",

"Mình dc nghe những nhận xét rất tốt về ofp. Chỉ cần tuân thủ đúng quy định, là tất cả đều ổn.",

"Now OFP have changed 2 minutes rules. cheers OFP. All the best traders...",

"Regrettable experience. It has all the ingredients of a company that bases its profits on people's subscriptions and NEVER on the profit percentage of traders.
First of all they have DEMO accounts, they are never real accounts. Something strange when it is a direct funding in which they are supposed to pay from the first month. The normal thing would be for the accounts to be real and from these accounts to extract the percentage of the profits... but no, they are a DEMO account... suspicious.
Second, its interface and desktop is really bad. It is down every 2-3 days. it does not offer any information or tell you what profit your account or your drawdawn takes or if you have violated any rules. Nothing. it's really embarrassing.
Of course, if you violate any rule, it will not be communicated to you at the moment, as in any normal funding company. In OFP Funding you have to go into discord and ask the admin if you have violated any rules, giving your MT4 account number in front of all the other users. It is a very bad system.
But now comes the best: In my 25k account I made almost 9k profit in 3 weeks. Well, 2 days ago I received an email (after having asked on Discord, obviously if I had violated any rules) that I had 2 TRADES UNDER 2 MINUTES and that I did not collect my benefits or my account was suspended. After having asked on discord if something happened if by mistake he closed a trade before two minutes and his administrator said that NOTHING HAPPENED. It is shameful and unfortunate. And I have all the evidence and captures.
After making a 9k profit, they closed my account for "supposedly" having violated the 2 minute rule in 2 trades. Never again with these companies with hidden and opaque rules. His business is getting money out of people with subscriptions. that's my opinion.",

"Las reglas y el soporte son bastante cómodas , considere eso bastante importante ,cualquier duda la responden rápido y muy amables ,incluso tienen videos donde explican cada aspecto. Eso me gustó mucho",

"This is my first time buying an account of OFP. With instant funding, OFP has good policies, clear regulations and quick support.
I need more experience in the withdrawal process for a more comprehensive review. However, with initial experience, this is a fund worth your consideration and cooperation.",

"they are good guys, but I wish they can have online chat functionality",

"This program is one of the most amazing programs in the field and you should join and forget about wasting time on verification",

"I'am having a great expérience trading with you. Thanks ans keep it up.",

"I didn’t receive my account logging information until l today. Purchase day was 07/19 it’s a week of waiting. No one reach out to explain the reason of delay.",

"very nice experience and the platform is easy to use",

"Buen soporte

El soporte es bueno, responden rápido y veo las preguntas de las demás personas ser respondidas de forma clara, concisa, detallada y muy respetuosa. Eso es bastante bueno",

"OFP is a wonderful reality for Traders who want to use their talent to create economic independence, they are very strict with their rules and it is good that way since a Trader goes through the inevitable routine of education and improvement of discipline in this way, I signed up with OFP for a while then I had problems which led me to make mistakes in reading my strategy but they always understood and although they have always been wonderfully strict in making me respect their rules I must say that they are a truly unique reality and a I add that in the phase before my mistakes I also received the payout so everything is perfect always great OFP I hope to return soon to work for them with them and with them",

"Worst firm prop. Dashboard has no functionality for day trading rules. We are forced to calculate by ourselves. Violation warning sent on payment date. Why is it not stated in the dashboard its functionality. Fraud internally",

"Hard Rules but great team",

"OFP has the rule of 5% Drawdown which says:
"5% Daily Drawdown
Your equity and balance must not be less or equal than your daily maximum balance minus the account margin. The account margin is 5% of your initial deposit balance. Each day is considered to be starting from midnight GMT +0. Breaking the rule will lead to the account closure."
According to this rule, the 5% is based on the initial capital and on the Balance at the end of the previous day.
Nothing in the rule says that the 5% is movable during the day.
I bought a small account of $5k on July 15th. I started trading the 17th.
At the end of the day of 17th of July, my balance was $5262.50 which means the violation value is supposed to be $5012.50.
During the 18th, both my equity and balance went up to $5366.60 and by end of day of the 18th it went down to $5021.
OFP considered that I violated the rule of 5% which according to their rule, the breach value is supposed to be $5012.50.
OFP sent me an email on the 21th of July. Hence, I reached out to the support team (same day July 21) and spoke with Raudel to explain my disagreement and they insisted that I violated the rule based on this:
"Your equity and balance must not be less or equal than your daily maximum balance minus the account margin.
Your maximum balance was $5366.6
5366.6-250=5116.6"

So according to OPF, the 5% is movable during the day which is completely the opposite of what is written in the website.

This is very bad experience for me and I discourage anyone to join OFP.",

"hi want to ask what happen if fail or breach account. must start again in new account or get blacklisted? just asking.. i m no start yet",

"They basically want you to trade there strategy. There are so many guidelines.I accidentally clicked 2 buys and canceled one because I didn’t wanna over leverage and my account was shut down for 2min trade rule",

"I've been trading with OFP for quite some time now, and I must say, it has been an absolutely fantastic experience. The opportunities and resources provided by this prop trading firm are unparalleled, and it's no wonder why they are renowned in the industry. However, I have a suggestion that I believe would further enhance the trading experience for us, the traders.

Firstly, let me highlight the aspects that make OFP stand out from the crowd. Their platform is incredibly user-friendly, offering a wide range of markets to trade and cutting-edge trading tools that help analyze market trends efficiently. Additionally, the support team is second to none, always available to address any queries or concerns promptly. The firm's risk management policies are top-notch, ensuring that traders can engage in trades with confidence.

Now, let's delve into the suggestion that I firmly believe would benefit all traders involved. It would be highly beneficial if OFP considered implementing a restriction on the number of trades traders can open in a single day, excluding any trades carried over from the previous day. Restricting traders to a maximum of 2 to 3 trades per day would be a prudent step towards enhancing the quality of trades and promoting disciplined trading practices.

Here's why this suggestion holds significance:

Improved Trade Focus: Limiting the number of trades per day would compel traders to be more selective with their positions. This would naturally lead to a higher level of focus on each trade, enabling traders to thoroughly analyze opportunities before execution.

Risk Management: By restricting the number of trades, traders would be encouraged to pay closer attention to risk management. Lowering the frequency of trades reduces exposure to market fluctuations and potential losses, ensuring greater control over trading capital.

Emotional Discipline: Trading psychology plays a crucial role in success, and limiting the number of trades can help traders avoid impulsive decisions driven by emotions. A disciplined approach to trading fosters better decision-making and long-term profitability.

Skill Development: Encouraging traders to be more selective with their trades can lead to a greater emphasis on learning and skill development. Traders would be motivated to refine their strategies and continuously improve their trading techniques.

While OFP is already leading the way in providing exceptional trading opportunities, introducing this restriction could be a powerful value addition. Traders would not only benefit from the firm's exceptional platform and support but also enjoy the advantages of structured and disciplined trading practices.

In conclusion, I can confidently say that OFP is an outstanding prop trading firm that has greatly contributed to my success as a trader. The suggestion to limit the number of trades per day is a minor adjustment that has the potential to elevate the trading experience even further. I have no doubt that with such an improvement, OFP would cement its position as the go-to choice for traders seeking an optimal and profitable trading journey.

Kudos to OFP for its continuous commitment to excellence, and I eagerly look forward to witnessing further advancements in the future. Happy trading!",

"i recommend this prop firm because i made the withdrawal from it , the withdraw is done quickly and without any problems , i recommend it",

"Freedom about trade",

"I love their support team, they responded my questions quickly and effectively. Plus, I also appreciate their mental coach program that they care about the mental health of their people. Thanks to OFP for their great servive and I'd would like to work with them for a long time.",

"Super équipe d'assistance, très réactive",

"Instant Funding with great options 40% or 26% monthly with offers up to 80% profit split .. no Challenge No verfication",

"So far so good, looking forward to work with your company for as long as I am still breathing.. Fair rules for traders",

"compre la cuenta respuesta inmediata ya tengo la cuenta ire viendo como se van dando las cosas por el momento sin problema",

"Hasta ahora todo perfecto!! A ver como termino el mes. Si tengo el retiro les daré 5 estrellas no 20!!.Buen trabajo OFP!",

"best part is its instant funding , no wait to pass an evaluation challenge or verification",

"Simplemente fondeo instantáneo, así de sencillo, se siente muy bien no tener esa presión de pasar un challenge y aquí en OFP apenas obtienes tu cuenta y sabes que a tus 28 días de operativa ya tienes tu profut para retirar. Poco a poco van mejorando más y me agrada mucho esa parte, llevo 5 meses en la firma y hasta ahora he tenido 2 pequeños inconvenientes pero nada que haga que pierda mi cuenta. Me gustaría agregar que aun hay unos pequeños detalles a mejorar y creo que con el paso del tiempo así lo harán.
Agradecido de haber encontrado OFP.",

"The instant models of accounts makes it much easier. You know either 40 o 26 percentage of what you make is yours by the end of the month. And the favourable drawdown limits makes the trading condition even more favorable. Looking forward to a good time with OFP.",

"Hola equipo ofp, sinceramente estoy agradecida por estar trabajando junto a ustedes, espero que sigamos creciendo!",

"Nice so far! Let's see how the payout goes🤞🏻",

"Tercer pago con la empresa, hemos tenido varias diferencias en el camino por eso no califico con las cinco estrellas. pueden confiar en que si cumplen las reglas con exactitud recibirán su pago si están con ganancias.",

"I have had a good experiance so far and will be very happy if it continues this way",

"pasado un mes medieron mi parte segun lo acordado en el contrato. estuvo bien esperesmos que sigan pagando cuando escale a una de 100k.",

"A wonderful experience, always in progress and adding more",

"One of the best forex prop firm I have ever used.
The best part is its instant funding , no wait to pass an evaluation challenge or verification
just buy a challenge and thats all .
Very simple rules
I loved it ❤",

"Excellent company, good spreads and service",

"Take your hard earned money and spend it at an actual reputable prop firm. I should have done more research before purchasing one of their accounts.",

"Empresa 100% responsable, de las mejores en la actualidad",

"the experience itself is good , but the keep breaching my account even though in profit! what kind of nonsensense is that? Question: if your account is breached does that mean that u wont be able to ever get a payout from that account?",

"The purchase of the account was easy and before some questions that I made, everything was answered quickly... so I am very happy to have taken this step.
Thank you.!!",

"Los challenge instantáneo es lo mejor que le puede pasar a un trader rentable para lograr ganancias mensuales sin tener que perder meses tratando de pasar los desafíos, es una gran puerta para el comienzo de muchos trader que no tienen el tiempo suficiente para esperar para retirar, la empresa responde todo a su debido momento y la recomiendo al 100%.",

"It has been a very satisfactory experience operating in OFP. Thank you. I hope to continue climbing the level of this great funding company.",

"I loved being part of OFP - they have the best support agent and offering a new way of getting funded that is very revolutionizing the prop trading industry.",

"Ofp funding is better because this prop without any challenge , and great support",

"All are good but there is a some problem i1st is the gambling rules...itz very complicated and confusing... please remove it we also have 5% deily drawdown limit...If not removed please atlist remove lover lover lot size limits.and please give atlist 50% profit share. And one more thing month. is very long time for payout please you can give payout every week or bi-weekly basis.

Thank you",

"Just get first payout with OFP. So simple, so fast!
Follow the rules, make profit and you will be get paid.
Thanks OFP for giving chance for earning for living.",

"Buen soporte , muy eficiente y responde bastante rápido a mi parecer, los tipos de cuenta si son adaptables y las reglas aunque puedan generar algo de malestar en algunas personas , considero que , con el servicio que ofrecen muy diferente a los otros es mejor.",

"The company shows itself as educational company to the government and frauds the people. It is run by Italians.

All purchases don’t come under PayPal refund policies so. Better to avoid it.",

"Best prop firm I've ever traded with even their rules aren't harsh excellent customer support I would like to thank OFP for the opportunity to realize my dreams at a cheaper price 🤜",

"Under the experience, I still don't know whether it is sweet or not, but everything says that it is sweet",

"لقد إشتريت حساب عليكم ولم يتمً إعطأي الحساب حتي ألان",

"hello evryone i really respect for ofp team and support team tankyou vermuch.",

"La experiencia de compra fue excelente, cada duda que me surgió en el proceso fue respondida de forma rápida por parte del soporte. Y hasta los momentos en cuanto al mercado, la data se ha comportado muy bien, el spread es bajo y las ordenes se han tomado bien. Esperemos operar bien durante este mes para poder hacer mi retiro.",

"So they got back to me with their "review" ahead of schedule and it was very confusing actually. During the review period, they started copying my trades with .01 lots to check for any major differences in execution. However there really weren't any. Most of them were the same and there was only one execution that had more than a one pip difference (GU). They claimed I abused demo conditions and permanently banned me from their platform. So buyer beware, if you do score a payout > 10%, your account will be subject to bogus reviews.
Full disclosure: I trade SMC with tight 2-3 pip stops so of course ICmarkets demo was a great place for me to trade. If there was a concern with potential slippage, they could instead deduct a percentage of my payout instead. But they won't since it's a scam company.

Edit: In regards to your response, you are confusing me with another Indian trader. Please check your database again. I've posted my full findings along with the spreadsheet they sent me in the Prop Firms telegram group where they advertise.",

"Reglas muy ambiguas, que son adaptadas a conveniencia de la empresa. Mi cuenta fué suspendida supuestamente por no cumplir la regla de los 3 días, lo que es totalmente falso. Solo pude hacer un retiro.
Seguiré buscando una empresa realmente sería.",

"I am extremely disappointed with OFP Forex Prop Firm's failure to meet their payout deadlines. Despite promises of 48-72 hours, 10 working days, and 20 working days, my payout remains unresolved. Even after giving them an extra week, they continue to delay without valid reasons or communication and my account is still under review after all those deadlines as they cant even review one account in a month. I caution others to be wary of OFP's unreliability and lack of professionalism.",

"NOT transparency with a lot of hidden rules, try to DEDUCT PROFIT of traders, very unprofessional prop firm.

OFP use WordPress (a free open-source) to build their website which was integrated many third-party plugins, it causes a lot of bugs and dummy texts appear everywhere in their website.

When I do investigate in some trading communities, I found many cases like me. I’m collecting all feedbacks about OFP and will publish in the next review with screen captures. So again, don’t trust 5* reviews, they’re all seeding content.

Below is about the story how OFP stole ~20k $ profit from me:
1st payout: I earned $3,195 and OFP deducted $798.75 because the GAP rule. They sent me 2 pictures of 2 trades which violated.
After that I had a deeply discussion with Support Team to understand how GAP rule work.

2nd payout: I earned $5,632 and OFP again deducted a half of profits because of GAP rule. But they sent me 2 pics of trade which were happened in the 1st previous trading cycle??? When I asked them to send the right proofs, OFP said that they can’t do this manually because this is an automatic system (how they could do this in the 1st payout????) then a manager said to me these photos was: “as examples to give you an idea of the rule”. Why didn't they focus show the concrete evidence??

I’m sure that they can’t because my trade was hit TP at top of the price wave, so there was no GAP happened before at this closed price range.

3rd payout: luckily, I got a quite big profit ($15,414), and finally they refused my payout after a long discussion. This time, they said I violated gambling rule even though I passed all their rules: 2.5 times volume rule, 2-minute rule, 3 trades per week rule, max loss and max daily loss rule and I didn't use HFT method...They turn to mention about average transaction time was too different. But when I ask to show me where I could read about "average transaction time rule" in OFP website, they kept silent about this question???

4th payout: right now, my account still in profit. I'll update later how they will treat me this time.

By my story, you understand that OFP DON'T WANT traders to win. They hold your trades and try to deduct/refuse payout by a lot of hidden rules. That the reason why you can read some recent reviews here which told you that OFP hold their profit for a very long review time. If it's a WIN-WIN relationship, why they run business like this way?

@Trust Pilot: thanks for your very useful platform. In case you need, I’m very pleased to send you all proofs (email, trade screenshot, other trader's case...) I collected to prove that I'm the real trader and what I reviewed is the FACT.

@OFP: I’m continue collecting all cases like me from social communities for next review. You absolutely know me so don’t say that you can’t find my email in database. Pls play a fair game with traders.

@OFP Trader: if you used to trade with OFP and was stolen profit like me, help me by a like. Many thanks.

@New Traders: read carefully 1* & 2* reviews, you will know the FACT of this prop firm.
-----------------------------------------------
Update 1: Thanks for more than 20 "likes" who support me. We could see I'm not the only one was "stolen profit" by OFP!

Update 2 (for OFP's reply):
Please don't explain in general and get straight to the point for 2nd payout: If you said that I "broke multiple times", so could you kindly show me the proof of trades which broke GAP rule? (Cause you deducted a half of my profit)

And why didn't you mention about the 3rd payout? I had a screenshot which was captured before & after you changed trading rules page without notice anything to traders.

Due to your dishonest behavior which are trying to tell a lie with Trust Pilot aim to hide this review, I will change this rating from 2* to 1* and I will work closely with Trust Pilot to make clear everything.

Update 4: Finally, Trust Pilot label my review as verified while OFP still keep silent about my above questions.
If you are going with OFP, keep in mind that they readily approve small payouts. When your profit comes to larger amounts, they will try many ways to refuse your payout.
I already opened an investigation about their office in London, the result in detail may be published in my next review.",

"Me gusta por que te permite tener tu capital de forma instantanea es una excelente manera para que empieces a capitalizarte y hacer crecer ese patrimonio con otras inversiones",

"No wonder OFP is an amazing firm 👍
I learned trading through this firm .
There is only one rule which was not the part of this firm when I started the 2 minute rule with suspension of account .
Kindly OFP plz take this rule back
Otherwise the firm is amazing .
Just don't suspend the account
Bcz as I purchase this account with loan only 2 mistakes can take my account plz plz take away this rule of suspension .
Thanks
Looking Forward",

"The support staff and the resolution team is up to the mark. All the queries were answered within no time and the resolution was made. Overall Superb experience joining with OFP. I am a lifetime customer now.",

"Excelente empresa, el broker tiene bajas comisiones, los de soporte son muy amables y los retiros llegan rápido",

"Very interesting program and fast customer service response",

"Good service and quick",

"Buena compañía de soporte, reglas comerciales muy fáciles y respuesta rápida a mis preguntas.",

"OFD is this an amazing program. The most amazing thing is their ability to integrate all the features that helps newbie to prop firm to feel comfortable using the program. I have recommended them to my community and i will always do. Thanks to OFD",

"I was with ofp since last November 2022 and they grow well in front of my eyes. Fast profit split withdraw and great customer support and this propfirm you need to stick with.
This is second time my review to ofp and no words can describe them PROFESSIONAL.",

"so far its great and customer service is quick to respond and do their best to help. no complications when logging into the account and quickly get approval.",

"Muy buena compañia, ahora con el profit split del 40% es mas sencillo recuperara la inversion inicial!",

"It’s the best company in 2023 fir sure 5 stars",

"شركة دعامة جيدة جدا ، واشكر فريق الدعم الذي كاان متجاوب في كل مرة أحتاج فيها للمساعدة أو استفسار ، شكرا لك",

"THANKS FOR YOUR GREAT PROP, THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT SOME ROULS ARE NOT CLEAR
LIKE IF U TRADE A NEW TRADING PARE YOUR ACCOUNT WELL BE SUSPENDED.",

"Hi, I trust this firm and it's way of work, processing payouts in time, server is great, and help center very helpful and respond to my questions either on website or discord, the dashboard needs some more improvement, they already made it better but still need mor، i hope they do that soon. Thanks OFP",

"Initially I am quite satisfied with OFP.
Very attentive support, fast and attending the weekend.
I believe it is the beginning of a long partnership.
Congratulations OP.",

"Excellente entreprise d'accessoires et support technique super cool, j'espère vraiment que vous continuerez, merci ofp",

"Good prop firm.. i liked the instant funding.. fast withdrawal",

"Great professional platform, the only one with no evaluation!",

"I can’t gain access into trading accounts and everything is messy",

"Hope they will remove the 2 minutes rule but for now so far so good 👍",

"Su soporte es muy competente, dudas sobre las cuentas, las reglas y precios, las responden perfectamente, me responden las preguntas muy bien y con amabilidad. Para mi eso es un 100/100 en una Prop Firm.",

"Every thing is clear on thier trading style",

"It's really hard to find an amazing funding program like this
Unbelievable customer service helping
They are really awesome
I got. My first payment so easy and fast",

"First class experience, I stumbled across this prop firm by accident and the offering sounded too good , but without hesitation I joined up with a 100k account, and after 4 weeks I am pleased to say I have successfully received my first payouts, customer service is very prompt too, so 5 stars from me",

"27 SEP 2023
Updated my review

After recently changes in rules and account types and profit share

This is the best company in prop firm industry
Thanks OFP",

"La empresa es muy buena, yo tenia temor a las pruebas de fondeo, con fondeo directo, ya llevo 4 meses de rentabilidad. Retirando dinero y aportando en mi casa. Mejorando día a día para comprar la cuenta de 100k. El único inconveniente es que deberían de tener mayor capital por persona y no limitar a 100k",

"Thanks OFG for providing me with a new account after the trouble I had. Then I downloaded mt5 at ofpfungding.com and realized that the software failed to open my account. I had to go to blueberrymarkets.com to download mt5 to use it. I hope that OFG will have better adjustments.",

"third consecutive month obtaining payment, trust this great company, it will not disappoint you,Thanks once again OFP!!
THe real Company is here u are invite to invest sure!!",

"The best Instant funding in the market!

They provide all the neccesary resources to become a funded trader with them, with the best Price-Quiality relation, It is only needed to have a sustainable trading system and follow the previously disclosed rules, the Payouts proces is just as smooth as it can be. Thank OFP",

"I just got my payout with OFP today. Support is great and the dashboard is getting better. I see they are honest and serious about their trading rules. I understand that lot sizes and under 2 minute trade can be a bummer but if you adapt your trading strategy it's all worth it.

Thank you OFP for offering this opportunity for traders.",

"I have been with OFP since last month and just received payout before 2 days. I think I got to know about right company at right time. Also his support team is incredible fast and kind and stick around you until the problem resolved. I have worked with many companies but support team and payout smoothness like this is not experienced yet. I am really grateful and also every trader who is connected with ofp is very luck enough to get to know about this amazing company. Again thank you so much OFP for being real and fast.
At last I would say only one thing that in this industry and if you want instant funding with affordable prices then no one is better than OFP Funding.",

"I have nothing fo Say",

"they always get bad reviews removed by claiming that they cannot find the email, so tread lightly if youre considering purchasing from them.....I am a REAL former user of OFP, I have emails that i have exchanged with support and emails confirming my purchase of your silly prop firm....STOP removing my reviews.

For anyone wanting to use this company do it but understand that if you DECREASE your lot size even by 0.01 depending on your risk management they will terminate your account, I usually trade 0.05, the next wek i traded 0.03 and they suspended my account . support will tell you to guy buy another account. You're better off sticking with one of the better known prop firms..that actually understand how the market works.. OFP seems like a scam, I'm sure some traders are satisfied with it but they are making peanuts compared to what you can make at other prop firms,",

"Estuve en está empresa para probar su famoso fondeo inmediato, vi muchas reglas un poco grises y malos comentarios pero quise ver en primera persona, pregunte a soporte sobre la regla de 2 minutos y me dijeron que obteniendo beneficios en menos de 2 minutos por 2 veces en un mes perderias la cuenta, iba corriendo el mes de mayo y a 3 dias de mi cobro me llega un correo de que perdi mi cuenta por está regla, veo mi historial y efectivamente tengo 2 operaciones de menos de 2 minutos pero en negativo por lo cual pensé que era un error y pregunte, me dijeron que la perdia por que el cierre de mis operaciones habia sido manual y ellos aceptan solo perdidas automaticas lo cual me dejo bastante decepcionado ya que a 3 dias de cobro me informan habiendo ocurrido muchos dias antes, pregunte a varias personas y me decian que les ocurria igual, cuando vas en positivo con porcentajes sobre 6% siempre buscarán una de sus reglas grises ya sea 2 minutos o gap o lotaje para quitarte tu cuenta, un mes perdido, espero que esta reseña les sirva en caso de que quieran entrar con ellos.",

"Es muy real y transparente con todo.. muchas gracias",

"Got a 50k account with ofp and got paid a few times and I breached the 5%ddd , heard some complaints about the dashboard and rules previously but this is happening everywhere in the industry and I decided I tried them once and they are legit so I am gonna try them again with 50k account , instant funding is like nothing else 🤍🤍",

"My experience is good, I enjoy every moment of my trade all rules are clear except lotsize rule is confusing I wish you could remove this rule could bring in a lot of people to join this company, I will give 5 stars when I get my payout. Thanks",

"Hola, alguien me puede decir si permite dejar un dinero de colchón para proteger cuenta!!!",

"Gracias por el buen servicio!
Los pagos son bien rápidos y no hay que preocuparse por fechas, OFP se encarga de recordarlo.",

"Hola,soy de Chile.llevo operando recién desde el 12-05 hace un par de semanas por el momento todo bien,esperemos cuando cumpla los 28 dias les cuento como me fue,slds.",

"Best if thé best eny were",

"Dể tiếp cận và hệ thống sử dụng ổn định .",

"I just suggest that trade holding 2 mints condtion should b converted into 1 mint its best for scalpers my many of friends which are interested due to this rule they hesitate to buy accounts because on commodities 2 mints are to much time thanks i hope u should try to considering my opinion thanks",

"A wonderful experience with you, I wish everyone to try it",

"La mejor alternativa para hacer trading, con menos riesgo , con capitales que te ayudan a dar confianza en tu operación.",

"A very good prop firm, without any challenges or hidden rules, and the support is great and responsive",

"Customer support is fast and funding accounts are excellent",

"buena experiencia un poco lenta a veces pero buena",

"Una Excelente Compañía pensando en el bien de Todo Trader que sabe ver las oportunidades y sabe aprovecharlas ✍️",

"Purchasing a product is very easy in this platform. I get my funding account by clicking simple steps.
Thank you ofpFunding platform.",

"I really tanks for ofp. Ofp is save my time to pass phase 1 and phase 2 challenge. And for that i really tanks this propfirm.",

"With ofp you trade with confidence because rules are clears",

"The company needs more development to help traders. You have many mistakes on your website, and also the dashboard is very, very bad, but in terms of credibility, the company is honest so far, but the technical problems are many, unfortunately. I hope they will be addressed as soon as possible.",

"Muy buena aunque una de las reglas que tiene no me gusta pero allí uno se adapta y en parte es bien por lo que te ayuda a diciplinarte",

"Pague y llego 2 dias sin recibir mis credenciales",

"MUY BUENA EXPERINCIA SON RAPIDOS EN TODOS AUN NO HE ECHO RETIRO PERO LO OTRO SI SON MUY RAPIDOS ME GUSTA TRABJAR CON ELLO.",

"This company deceives customers with the trick that you did not trade for three days, beware of it",

"Me encanta que den la oportunidad de no tener que pasar una prueba que te limita a un cierto porcentaje, algunos logramos un porcentaje menor y con este método de OFP podemos ser rentables.",

"I subscribed to the $25000 account and overall everything is perfect.
Servers are fast, spreads are good, got the account credentials within 6 hours.
The above words was written after I received the account as the company asked me to write a review. then the scamming begins, I placed a sell trade on Gold on June 15 at $1949.7 using 1 lot, that same day it went up to $1959, then the day ended at $1958, so I didn't break the 5% rule, the trade is still open as I'm sure of my analysis, then the next day it went from $1958 to $1967.. still didn't break the 5% rule as it requires to go from $1958 to $1970 in order to break the rule which didn't happen. I left the trade open till next week and gold went down to $1938, I closed the trade in profits and got an email from them that I breached the 5%, the account balance now in my due payment date is $25830 and they stopped the account. kindly stay away.",

"This i a grenat prop firme comptant, i bien following their discord for a while and found them to bé very active",

"Update 17/5/23 - So as expected gold hit my TP in under two minutes a second time. If you have been watching the gold market lately you know how fast it moves. This was out of my control and is technically considered a violation. I asked support if my account would be suspended without payout and they said they could not tell me right now and to continue trading and the trades will be assessed at the end of this month. For some reason they can't tell me now so I have to continue trading for another two weeks before payout. If I am told they won't payout I will be sure to leave a review here. I have been trading for 15 years with training in the institutional space. Trust pilot won't allow me to post a link to my mql5 account but I can tell you that since i started 2 weeks ago my win rate is >86% with a profit factor of 4, 7.75% growth and max DD of 3%. If the account gets suspended without payout I will be sure to make people aware here, as it can be proven that I am not running any software for HFT / arbitrage and all my trades are manual. Also it would be proof that they are just after subscription fees with no real intention of supporting good traders who are genuinely not "cheating" . Will see what happens in a couple weeks.

2/5/23 - Well it's early days, and I can't fault the prompt responses from support to my queries. Firstly, I'll admit that it's my fault for not reading the rules more closely but there are some things I think people should be aware of. 1. They say they want traders to be good risk managers - fair enough, - but they won't let me use a software that helps me to manage risk - i.e. it calculates the correct lots size and places stops and TPs right away, it also can be programmed to trail positions and take partial profits. An excellent system for managing risk but they won't let me use it - makes zero sense and makes risk management more difficult for me. 2. You can't hold a trade for less than two minutes. I trade gold and S+P a lot and one of my gold trades hit TP in under a minute. I was told that if it happens a second time in a month I will lose the account -and what they don't tell you on the website is that even if you had 10k profit you will not get the pay out because you broke what I consider a soft breach - completely unfair. I understand the 2 minute rule is to stop HFT / arbitrage etc, but for a manual trader who hits TP on gold or another fast instrument in under a minute more than twice a month is not uncommon and its ludicrous to penalise the trader for this and not even agree to a payout if they are in good profit. 3. The 10% stop out trails your highest ever balance so if you have 100k and grow to 200k you stop out level is still a total loss of 10k. They say they don't want people to use more risk because they have more money, but this is ridiculous as surely on 200k you should use double the lot size as 100k as the % risk would still be the same, but you can't do this with them and in this scenario you have to actually reduce your risk as the account grows rather than maintaining the same level of risk. So far it seems to me that they pitch themselves as trustworthy and want traders to succeed but the rules they have in place are highly geared towards making you fail or trade so cautiously that you'll probably only make a small % a month of which you only get 40%. Of course its possible to make more but you would have to use higher risk which dramatically increases the chances of you blowing the account. Lastly, I have a personal account and a few prop accounts and even though they are my own trades which can be proven, I can't copy them across, so I have to manually go into the terminal and set trades separately from all my other accounts - ugh....",

"Plan your and trade your plan. My advice to beginners is discipline on a trading plan because this eliminates feelings of fear and greed while trading because the goal of the trader is to protect the account because you are a risk manager and not a technical or technical analyst. It is enough to work with one strategy and stick to it and review your results every three months and work on it. Performance is to be constant and continuous. This is what I have, and thank you",

"Excelente servicio al cliente y pagos a tiempo sin inconvenientes.",

"Fondeado en demo pero con beneficios y posibilidad de crecer...espero conseguirlo ..gracias por el servicio",

"The support team responds quickly and is enthusiastic. I am having a good experience. Hope to have a long-term cooperation with OFP.",

"Creo que deberian ser mas flexibles con la regla de los 2 minutos, deberian de dar 3 oportunidades en el mes y no menos. Somos seres humanos, no maquinas perfectas y cometemos errores.

Podrian revolucionar mas si la cuenta del 40% la aumentan a 50% para los que ya la tienen y los nuevos clientes que compraran.",

"do not trust the good reviews they are doing that just to get some discount
-You are not alowed to use a risk calculator ea
-you do not trade for 3 days you lose the account
-your trade is below 2 min you lose the account
-you must trade the same lot sizes or you dont have your profit
- there is no dashboard
- your profit split is after a month
If you can be profitable in these condions Be my guest",

"Ofp funding is a good page in the wolrd.",

"Ofp has been transparent and quick in matching me with the right funding program, thier customer service is top notch and i got my account details immediately after payment. I'm very happy with The trading conditions especially the spread. i highly recommend",

"Les doy 4 estrellas está genial sólo les comisiones son altas con otros empresas",

"me parce que es muy importante que pregunten a los traders el funcinamiento de la plataforma , de esta manera que pueden mejorar dia a dia",

"I thank a company that gave me a golden opportunity to change",

"A fraud company and its policy is not clear, and when the account is suspended, they limit the profits. I do not recommend it, despite the great publicity on YouTube. When you try, you receive a fraud",

"Tienen un servicio de atención al cliente muy bueno",

"great, I'm waiting for my payment",

"Lo que ofrecen es bueno pero lo que es a nivel de acceso a la web y la página web de lo peor que he visto, muchísimo que mejorar a nivel operativo.",

"It was easy, 20 hours after i received the credentials",

"This firm is tottly trustable..
I buy this 100k account on 11-04-2023
And still I can’t face any problems that’s why i say this is a best firm.",

"El plan de las cuenta supercargadas me parece un robo, tenia una cuenta de 10k, la primera semana hice $910 de profit, la segunda semana viole una regla y pum se quedaron con todo.",

"I have a trading strategy which I trade on my original account, and I contracted this one with them to trade it with Social Trader Tool. They have cancelled my account because they say I am using EA and I am not. I can prove that I do real trading but they preferred to delete my account when they saw that I had real profits.
Be careful with this company",

"Muy contento con la plataforma y la seriedad del todo el equipo",

"The Time for shorts trades scalping fast. Reconsider that",

"A very good company so far. Very low pricing for instant, no evaluation accounts.

The checkout process was very straightforward and I received the account credentials in less than 24 hours.

Their support is very fast (they reply in a few minutes) and always go the extra mile to help.

EDIT: First payout went smootly! Thanks OFP for this huge opportunity of affordable accounts for us traders!

EDIT 2: Just follow the rules, guys. Their 2-minute rule is not a big deal. What serious trader hold positions for less than 2 minutes?",

"Attention : ofp is a scam ⛔",

"Very good, simple, easy and realistic",

"Through my experience with the funding companies for traders, I believe that OFP has provided something unique, as it offers instant funding at the lowest prices and at the same time, its terms are easy, customer service is very fast and the response takes place within moments, my overall evaluation of the company is excellent, and I hope to continue on the same approach, thank you very much",

"rapid and secure",

"tengo preguntas que nunca fueron leidas, pero lo demas todo bien. es un buen servicio.",

"I do not advise anyone to try this company, a mysterious company, and only a supply that gives you the account, and after that, if you ask to inquire about anything, you will not be answered",

"OFP es una empresa seria y siempre estan cuando los necesitas ,cualquier duda ,aclaracion etc .Nada que ver con otras empresas de fondeo.Muy contento",

"OFP support is fantastic and I have start my work once got withdrawal will update here",

"Only just took on a 100K 40% account.

Read and documented the rules, see how things go.
Website process was easy, took a few hours to get the account details but that was fine as that is what was indicated when I purchased the account.

Update May 24 2023.
Due to my own error I have two accounts suspended, both with the 3 day rule violation. This rule is written very clearly so no issue with the rule being enforced.
Difficult to understand how this rule has anything to do with risk management. Sometimes life gets in the way and it is easy to slip up but somewhat of an expensive experience (100k & 50K accounts).
I manage over 20 accounts so it can be a juggle and I think if your soul focus was on one or two accounts then the 3 day rule would be easy to manage.
Accounts with OFP are affordable and the concept is excellent.

The two minute rule, 3 day rule and even the lot size rules should be reviewed with better flexibility.

If you have put a trade on in error eg wrong lot size, or simply not intended, you should be able to cut the trade and not wait for a minimum of 2 minutes or risk violation.
I don't know how the 2 minute rule works if your stop got taken out within the 2 minutes, this would be rare but best to ask OFP support.

3 day rule can be tricky pending your circumstances but it would be nice if you were given a warning before being disqualified and losing your account and money. Volatility recently has been terrible for FX so quality opportunities have been scarce. Unless you trade crypto on weekends then reality is this is a 3 day over 5 day period rule and not 7 days.

Your focus needs to be on risk management and exposure. You really do not want to be thinking "I better take a trade somewhere today or I am going to lose my account", this does lead to taking trades and risk that you you may otherwise not want to take, you can not take a watered down position of 0.01 to fulfill the 3 day rule, this gets back to the lot size rule.

The lot size can also be tricky, video on the website explains this well but you need to be aware of this.

As per most prop firms the obvious rules are obvious such as daily drawdown and overall drawdown and you only have yourself to blame if you lose an account due to the drawdown but there are always backend rules you must be equally aware of.

In my view you are more likely to get your account suspended on the items mentioned here versus the drawdown limits.

Personally I am unlikely to buy another account with OFP based on the reasons I have mentioned but if you are not juggling lots of accounts then you should be fine with OFP.

Best of luck to the traders and OFP.",

"I am working with the mentioned firm for the last three days, it's good, good Broker IC Market they choose, once I complete my first month and get my withdrawal then again post my final reviews. However, it is good option and no challenge phases.",

"Các quy tắc minh bạch rõ ràng dễ hiểu,Phần trăm chia lợi nhuận tốt,hạn chế về kiểm tra trình phân tích",

"Nice instant prop firm
🥰",

"Tengo una cuenta de 50 k con ellos y hasta ahora todo ha sido muy bien,pero lo que me preocupa es que tal vez podría perder mi cuenta, por qué
En la regla de días de negociación cuando ya alcanzas el profit semanal mucha gente empezaba a operar al 0.01 para no arriesgar el capital y así completar los días de negociación pero desde ayer me doy cuenta que ya no se puede hacer eso si no que la modificaron entonces si yo hice eso la semana pasada a esta semana me quitarían mi cuenta por no saber que actualizaron esa regla junto que eliminaron la regla de los gaps , es lo que me preocupa ojalá que no y que por semanas pasadas de operar así no perder la cuenta si no apartir de la siguiente semana por qué de ser así muchas personas perderíamos nuestras cuentas por no saber que actualizaron esa regla, por favor soporte de ofp funding danos una solución
Muchas gracias",

"me parece una plataforma muy buena !!! si quitaran lo de mantener la transaccion 2 minutos seria perfecto.",

"When I first signed up I received my login credentials within 24 hours. However, the broker they use (ICMarkets) has many different options depending what country you are from and what type of account you have. It was very confusing at first. I sent an email to customer support and they immediately helped me through it. They were very detailed and explained that they had already purchased the account so I just needed to sign in on the correct account type. I was logged in and ready to go for the start of the week!

Maybe you could create a very specific instructions with pictures since you have traders from all around the world. And ICMarkets has a lot of different account options.

I would definitely recommend trading with them if you are a consistent trader!",

"Mi nombre es Abraham Obando, tengo una cuenta de 25k y realmente estoy contento con esta empresa, la recomiendo mucho.",

"best prop firm in industry. Everything including support works perfectly",

"I have written 5 stars review before on the supercharged weekly package, but since i went on monthly 40% package, i am updating my review after struggling with OFP customer support and their cheating on my profits

I will edit this review and upload the emails communication and positions confirmations in public for people to judge this cheating company",

"Excellent company that has good customer service, they take into account the requests of their clients to make improvements, they have good servers in their accounts, they are punctual and very professional.",

"Good day OFP TEAM.
I just want to say thank you for making my dream trading opportunity come to pass. I so much love this platform and I look forward to long time teasing with your company.",

"Dashboard is not working.",

"The Dashboard is not working I can't follow up on my account on it. when I am doubted I have a chat conversation with the support if I breached the daily maximum loss or not. He assured me that if I didn't receive an email that means I didn't I continued trading till completed the month when I ask to withdraw profit they told me that I did break the maximum daily loss> and they told me the send me an email which I am sure I didn't receive at all",

"Unfortunately bad dashboard, I don't know where I am, I trade like blind. You have to fix it as soon as possible, And also the problem of the lot and the three trading days per week. I find that unrealistic and very annoying. It is not possible to trade in these circumstances. Impossible. I hope those problem will be resolved. Thanks",

"Me gusta Mucho la idea que tiene está empresa de fondeo, Siento que es cierto que cuando uno compra un Challenger, casi nunca puedes pasar las 2 fases, con la idea de estar fondeado de inmediato se hace mucho más fácil para los trader rentables",

"Fast and efficient service",

"Very good support, very quick to reply to mail, I think your fund has removed the rule of trading 3 days a week",

"Excelente, the best program",

"Muy buena empresa, pagos puntuales y reglas claras.
Excelente opciones para quienes promediamos sobre el 5% mensual",

"Llevo un mes y medio con ellos y realmente mi experiencia ha sido más que buena, primero que todo el espread excelente, segundo lo cumplidos con el pago, el soporte es increíblemente óptimo, todo es ágil el Admin Vargas siempre ha contestado todas las dudas que he presentado dejando claro todo. Para mi Ofp funciona de una forma ideal no sólo porque te quita el estrés de un chalenge te permite acceder a más capital.",

"excellent prop firm introduce best instant program i think it is better than MMF and FTMO which no evaluation and no wasted time",

"El dashboard es inservible de momento, esperemos lo arreglen pronto! Estoy iniciando con esta cuenta y pues a ver si se obtienen muchos profits y no hay problemas con el retiro, hasta mientras le doy 3 estrellas, una vez actualicen el dashboard y verifique mi primer retiro seguramente le daré 5/5 estrellas!",

"The best financing company, but we need more withdrawal and deposit gates, in addition to Dashboard, and it is preferable that the platform server be non-experimental. This raises customer doubts, and thank you very much.",

"No puedo haceder a la plataforma con mi cuenta de MT4",

"I just joined, I find the support team to answer and solve problems very well.
if you reduce the withdrawal time of the 2nd withdrawal account to 14 days, great.",

"best prop firm without challenge 10/10 and best support in discord",

"This an awesome company no condition you can withdraw your money from the firs month I advice all people to take account from this awesome company",

"ofp is real, I received my first withdrawal last month, I like it more than other funding companies",

"Fast credentials delivery, good client support, room for improvement in the dashboard, is not working with live stats.",

"I have a plan to be their prop trader,
so far, the website is clean and very informative.
you too can have a discount for purchase an account with their fidelity program.
worth to try.",

"it is good company with good customer support",

"I have been trading with them for a few months and never had any major issues with the company. You just need to follow their rules and understand their gambling policy thoroughly.

Customer support is great. They’re really active in Discord and are always ready to help. Some of them also helped me directly whenever I had a question about the program.

Overall experience is decent for now if not great.",

"Pros: The company is honest in paying

Negatives: The company's trading conditions are so difficult that they trap the trader in order to lose and do not help him to profit
90% of the trading patterns spread among traders are prohibited to them, and this is considered forcing the trader to lose in one way or another",

"I heard about this company, it is great in the field of financing",

"I have opened account on yesterday. Dashboard showing failed since I opened the account.",

"Overall experience is good and the support system by admins is really helpful resgarding any querry related to trading",

"Stay away from this company. They’ll create a reason not to pay you. I made profit and they tried to say there’s a market gap by looking at a 1 minute candle. There’s no rules about not paying a full amount if there’s market gaps or not. The market will work how the market will work. What they trying to say was not even a big gap it’s 0.05 pips on gold. When there’s no honesty you shouldn’t put your time and effort like I did for them just to try and scam you out of your money. I spent £746, one month of trading just to realise that they’re here to scam you not a company that you could trust.",

"Should change the latch until the end of the day if it exceeds 5% to process.",

"Es fácil comprar una cuenta,no hay pruebas y tampoco suscripción mensual.",

"ofp you can reach Financial Freedom and also it is a credible. and it's a very good company for beginner,they had no challenge and they keep upgrading your good campny",

"Within 24 hour of purchase, the client web dashboard stopped working and showing that account status is failed. It was quite annoying. They should fix everything quickly so the client could trade with peace of mind.",

"Tài khoản của tôi 51144224 mới chỉ lỗ 500usd trong 1 ngày sao lại thất bại rồi ???",

"Its an awesome company I have ever seen I advise everyone to take accounts from this company with all pleasures to them",

"Great company, honest and good support 👍",

"The first time I join OFP. So i feel OfP is good!",

"Good offers of accounts, waiting to see what will happen when I make my first withdrawal, hope there is no issue in payment.
Note: Thank You OFP for your reply, your company so good to be true, I will make another review after payment to Tell others about my experience and if you were true like I heard I promise to tell all the traders I know to participate in your programs.
Update: they are scam with many complains",

"Hi
I found this company after my continuous search for the best companies that offer direct financing without testing.
I asked my friends and they told me that there are no problems with it and that it has strong and fast support.
They advised me to fully abide by the company's rules.
Thanks",

"The purchase was smooth and seamless, quicker than previous times. Looking forward to my payout day.",

"This conditions trading Is my confort zone..only use EA to protect equity Will be top",

"شركة رائدةتمويل فورية
دفع سريع",

"overview funding program is the best when it comes to instant funding for traders. I am okay with their models and rules. Customer support on discord is very responsive. I had a 10kaud account with them previously but now i am purchasing a 50kaud with them for the 26% monthly....... so far so good it has been a good experience with them.",

"It's a instant funding company with 40%, great potential and no stress with passing the evaluation!",

"",

"Good liquidity, reliable system",

"I like how easy it is to trade and its a life changing experience.",

"Hi OFP!
I am experiencing OFP's fund service. I feel great!",

"With ofp you can reach financial freedom and also it is a credible company in paying money. Try it and you will love it",

"Отличная компания, работаю с ними с июля 2022 года. Все выплаты в срок, поддержка отвечает быстро. Я уже получил 3 выплаты, и нет никаких проблем!",

"My Friend introduce me to OFP and sincerely speaking this is the best trade funding service have come across.
Thank you OFP TEAM Remain blessed.",

"This is a very awesome company I have ever seen I advise everyone to take accounts from the company.I have been working with them from faraway.thanks for ofb company and I hope to be the biggest company",

"One of the best instant funding programme in 2023 the ruls are clear . no hide ruls i I got my first payout last month without any challenges and very fast
the support on Discord is also very helpful Very recommended.",

"A wonderful and excellent platform, except for the issue of calculating the size of the lote, it is complicated, and needs to be reviewed",

"Great funding program",

"Hello everyone By searching on the internet I have found this company and by asking I found that is a very good company and I advise evey one to register in the company and take account from them",

"It looks like a good and serious company. Very recommended.",

"Great company. Fast payouts and good customer service.",

"I want to share my experience with OFP. I tried OFP about 5 months ago. At that time I got two payouts and everything went smoothly. Last week I bought an account again and I didn't have any problems. Accounts are sent quickly and the support on Discord is also very helpful",

"My experience in binary options and forex",

"I think this good company at this time",

"Estoy probando OFP y hasta el momento me parece una firma muy honesta. Tuve problemas con mi cuenta bancaria pero un problema externo que sale de las manos de la compañía. Finalmente se pudo solucionar....gracias",

"very awesome prop firm for me please keep it.
in my opinin best of this is
1st very fast support
2nd no any challenge tanks for that.",

"It is the best programme for instant funding!",

"They are very responsive
They meet deadlines
They have a quick customer service",

"So far everything's good and very easy. Recommended.",

"There is no word to describe my satifaction to work with OFP Funding, they are so professional, and all the stuff are good and kind, the accounts are very good and afordable for every trader who want to start professional trading.",

"The best financing company without testing, and I hope that they will be more lenient in the conditions, and I also hope that they will raise the profit sharing rate to more than 40 percent, but it is a beautiful and real company",

"the first one prop firm in the world. I recommend for everyone because i try another propfirms and i lose more money because of evaluation challenge. Profit target and maximum trading day is really psychology killer for trader. Ohhh tankyou for ofp. Please keep your work.",

"OFP is a SCAMMER.
After I gained some profits in my first day they start to manipulate and make the dirty things like untrusted forex brokers. ( freeze the platform - unrealistic move for pairs like gaps or lags in pricing to make you confused - In certain and important levels they stopping the Mt4 to prevent you to enter the trade and this happened with me in three consecutive days) I tried to contact them to solve these issues as a responsible company but they ignored everything and stolen my money. I have all evidences that proof they are scammers ( photos- Videos- Chats with OFP - Emails).
I recommend everyone to go away from this untrusted company.
Regarding to OFP reply: I am a member in OFP
OFP Profile : Khaled Mohamed
Account Number: 44653225
Account Value : 50K
About freezing the platform I do not care If ICMarkets is a trustworthy or not, I know well that Icmarkets is one of the best brokers in the market and I have already account with but how come I can not open trades on your account and in the same time I open trades on my Account in ICmarkets. Is the company has error connection in that server only and all servers is Ok ? How come in certain price levels the platform is stopping and has a connection errors , How come telling me that you have to be patient until ICmarkets solve the issue and if you can not close your trades take it easy and loose your money. How come I sent you emails to compensate me or refund my money because these errors is every day and I can not work in these circumstances. And your reply is it is out of our hand. You can simply review the chat and emails to be sure that there were errors in three consecutive days.",

"suar mutaharikat min 'afdal alsharikat almawjudat fi alwaqt alhalii wafadal alearud almuqadamah almawjudat biha",

"Support is good!
Raudel answered me all the questions I had today, thanks!",

"The best instant financing company, fast support, cheap plan best spreads the best options to start trading.with ofp you wil be in safe",

"this company is very helpful for who can not pass 10% KPI",

"one of the most amazing prop
best customer service team
highly recommended",

"I have good experience with the company. Not yet get any payout but on the way. Their support team is very quick and",

"very good service OFP.keep it up",

"A respectable and reliable financing company that I recommend",

"good , The project will help change my life",

"best prop frim without challenge just read reviews and you will confirme",

"It is a more than wonderful company with more than reliable credibility. I do not know what to say, but I recommend this particular company. Thank you ofp. Thank you to all the team.",

"Good experience atencion al cliente muy bueno.",

"Great company .",

"One of the best direct funding companies, especially in terms of profit sharing, as you can get 40% of the profits, and this is without any profit limit, with conditions that are easy to adhere to, as well as transparency in dealing. I hope that it will continue to develop and provide the best",

"It s good but the price Is expansive for account 40%",

"this is my first time commenting on a profirm fund
I just bought 2 accounts of the fund..you can see that when you need help, they reply pretty quickly on discord
I'm not profitable yet so I can't give you guys a review of their payment process
but i have advice for all of you :Any thing related to money, you should try small before you go big . If you make a mistake, it won't affect your life too much
I am from vietnam and i wish you to be a profitable trader
From VIET NAM with love",

"I'm following OFP for 1 year now. Extremely trader friendly rules suited for all types of traders. Balance based drawdown which is amazing for swing traders. The 3 minimum days per week trading rule can be a bit annoying but you just have to hold the trades for more than 60 seconds & close it. So it's not a major issue.

Their new 40% profit-split program is the best. If you buy 100K account it's almost same as getting 50K live prop firm account with 80% profit split without passing any challenge at all!

Support staff is also very friendly. I trust the CEO & they give payout to all the profitable traders.",

"I like their pricing for instant funded accounts, so I decided to purchase one of their accs. Let's see the results. Wait for new reviews after 1 month)",

"Hola. No me gustó la pequeña brecha de perdida de dinero si se supone no objetivo no pruebas, pero al poner los 5% de pérdida en dinero flotante no hay razón en las cuentas pequeñas.",

"Una se demoraron en dar las credenciales ,dos no me reconoce el broker e enviado correos y no pasa nada tuve unos problemas con las credenciales que envian no las reconozcan Mt5 .Lo bueno que si responden correos aunque es como de un dia para otro y lo bueno que por fin me aparecio el servidor y me arreglaron el problema.",

"Chưa rút tiền nhưng spread khá tốt, đợi rút tiền sẽ review sau",

"ما أجمل أن تبدأ مع شركة تمويل بدون ضغط من الأساس 🥰🥰🥰🥳",

"I love OFP
I have had nothing but a great experience with OFP. The platform is user friendly. The customer service is also exceptional. Any time I have had to reach out about anything, there is always fast responses.",

"Thank you support team.
It is the best prop firm that I test.
Very good condition and simple rules.",

"Great propfirm lowest price instant funding account then customer service excellent",

"Gran empresa, personal eficiente y retiros rápidos.",

"THE BEST SUCCESS AND GREAT PROP FIRM EVER.

I want to say thank you for existing. The most recomendable and serius company. Great support and work.",

"I recently registered and start trading with them every thing is perfect and spreads are lower.",

"Execelent, very good",

"Compré una cuenta 25k con 25%de beneficios con la cual obtuve profits y al solicitar el pago con la intención a posterior de comprar otra cuenta más adelante me hicieron el descuento de forma unilateral y arbitraria pagándome sólo la diferencia en USD y dándome un cupón para canjear por una cuenta de la cual no cuadraba el total , tuve que reclamar que me pagaran todo o me dieran el equivalente total q debería cubrir ese cupón que se apresuraron para asegurar la venta de otra cuenta; luego me tuve que apurar en cobrar ese cupón ya que con la variación del dólar no alcanzaría a cubrir nuevamente el costo de la cuenta siguiente, luego de concretar la transacción me llegan las claves de la nueva cuenta pero tuve problemas con mi equipo y no pude tradear en simultáneo con la cuenta original, jamás la configuré ni me conecté con el servidor del broker para hacer ningún trade, estaba sin activar por ende cuando pudiese mejorar mi equipo pensaba tradear con ambas; a las dos semanas de cobrado el cupón mejoran repartición de profit de 26% a 40% casi al mismo valor de lo que me descontaron de mis ganancias por lo que estuve una semana preguntando al soporte si podía pagar la diferencia para aprovechar esa promoción, no obtuve respuesta jamás; sin embargo al completar el mes de canjeada la cuenta me llega un mail nefasto que la nueva cuenta recién recibida había “violado la regla de tradear 3 días semanales” sin siquiera haberla activado para que comenzara el cronómetro de aquella regla, me respondieron por Discord que sus reglas eran al momento de recibir únicamente la contraseña y no al elegir cuando activar la cuenta !!!
Por ende me siento absolutamente ESTAFADO , en esta empresa a diferencia de otras no puedes elegir cuando Activar la cuenta , solo por manifestar querer otra cuenta , van y me descuentan inmediatamente el dinero sin pagarme el total y al tener que apurarme en activar el cupón ya estaba con la presión de tener que iniciar tradear inmediatamente.
La manipulación de esta empresa te lleva a consumir rápido la cuenta para que la pierdas lo antes posible
Jamás digan que tienes ganas a futuro de comprar otra cuenta ya que te la descontarán sin asco inmediatamente para asegurar sus ganancias y te verás forzado a tradear a penas te manden las claves.Si me Hubiesen pagado el total de profits hubiese podido aprovechar la mejora de 40% y no hubiese tenido la presión de operar apenas me llegaran las claves.

Esto no sucede en otras compañías donde te pagan todo y puedes elegir cuando activar tu cuenta para que corra el historial
Muy mala experiencia , me siento absolutamente engañado y presionado por sus condiciones que no son advertidas en las reglas de la web de forma clara.

—————————————————
Respuesta al descargo de OFP:

Aquí tengo la prueba de que si descontaron el pago inmediatamente dándome un “cupón” para cobrar por otra cuenta inmediatamente sin haberles confirmado cuando quería a futuro comprar otra cuenta…
/////////////////////
Hi Cristian,
Your payout is 218.18$, enough to cover the price of a discounted 25K USD account which is 206.69. We converted your full payout into a coupon valid on any purchase, the rest of the money will be sent to your PayPal.
Discount code: QPVTS3HV
Best,
OFP Team
//////////////
Lamentablemente no puedo subir la captura de pantalla del mail pero ahí queda reflejado el accionar de OFP donde “aseguraron” una venta que debía cobrar antes de q variara el dólar tal como pasó…

////////////////
Hi,
Please notice that 171.9 GBP equals 206.91 USD.
That's the correct amount for a 25K USD account with a 10% discount, you did not apply the discount in time.
I will change the coupon to cover the 10% discount you missed.

Coupon: NFCEMTGE

Best,
OFP Team
///////////////////
En la segunda instancia pude activar el cupón enviado que cubría la cuenta de 25k con 26%
Pero jamás indicaron que debía usarla inmediatamente porque se me anularía por incumplimiento.
Es una empresa que tiene muchas reglas pero poca TRANSPARENCIA en sus pagos y de cómo los aplica ANTES de que les compres una cuenta.
Por ende , CONSEJO: No comprar una cuenta en OFP si quieres tradear a posterior ya que te aplican todo el peso de sus reglas poco claras
En MFF y TradersCentral puedes activar cuando tú lo decidas configurar y conectarte al broker y no perderás la cuenta por algo distinto que no manejar tu riesgo , que es lo debería imperar en este tipo de empresas que ya te colocan bastantes dificultades de gestión diaria y mensual .
Y todo lo que aquí está escrito es la ABSOLUTA VERDAD aunque OFP me quiera desmentir",

"The Customer Service was great, I had this particular staff Lameck respond to my inquiries; he was polite, patient, exhaustive with the explanation and prompt… shout out to Lameck of OFP; Thank you OFP…",

"This is a new fund model with a lot of potential for future development",

"Imagine getting 40% / 26% of your profits monthly at a cheaper price with a max. drawdawn of 10% and daily Drawdawn of 5% at a cheaper price, no prop firm in this industry offer such, am a witness there cause there withdrawal is too fast, payout processed within 24hrs. Join there discord channel to see payout proof. They offer amazing services, support is super quick",

"Brilliant company, traded for a few weeks with them. Received first payout around 1 hour after requesting",

"Buenos días a todos, una alternativa diferente y funcional para los que queremos apalancarnos y avanzar en este hermoso universo bursátil, Gracias por todo el apoyo y herramientas que brindan, se que todo es un paso a paso y siempre buscando mejorar, por eso doy recomendación plena, y agradezco toda las oportunidades y buen apoyo que brindan, Gracias",

"good for any question guide for information",

"Wonderful options in Prop market offer..ready to use funds and wide range of accounts..it’s a prop firm everyone should be heading to ..!!",

"This company looks promising with affordable fee for instant funding program offered by them. Simple and no hidden rules applied to all account types offered by them. Keep up and you will be the top list of prop firm.",

"Great funding platform for traders who seek to trade without challenges.",

"This is the best company ever. I'm really happy to find them and now they have an account with monthly 50% profit. YOU ARE AMAZING. I WILL BUY A NEW ACCOUNT. THANKS..",

"El soporte es muy rápido, tanto por correo como por Discord. La empresa es muy cumplida con los pagos. Recibí mi pago muy rápido",

"Good good good
Ofp",

"Great company",

"Experience great",

"Great price, very simple rules, no unrealistic profit targets or many rules to follow",

"Real company fast payout fast replay support
Low spread for metatrader",

"زيادة نسبة الربح للمتداول",

"الشركة ذات مصداقية عالية وفي تطور مستمر آخرها الرفع من مشاركة الارباح الى 40٪ هذا سيدفع بالشركة الى القمة في قادم الايام",

"I really like how OFP is different from other prop firms. They offer instant funding without no challenges and their discord is really helpful and supporting. They do pay as well, you can find the payment proof on their discord and social media platforms. They have a nice working website and the price are reasonable for beginners that don't have enough funds. I would recommend them to all traders.",

"100% recomendable para alguien que quiera ajustar su estrategia y sobre todo operar con tranquilidad.",

"Never Considered join OFP really , I know its the most trusted firm in this industry it has a stable location in uk the problem was 15,26% profit split now its 40% without any evaluation just instant! And with lower prices! Hell im giving it a try",

"I have been trading with Trading Funding Firm Company since last December and I am very pleased to give this positive review.

First, the rules of their platform are great for learning good and consistent trading. They provide many educational resources which help me to properly understand market trends and insights.

Second, their instant funding program is awesome and is reasonably priced compared to other firms in the industry. It allows me to move swiftly in any market situation, no matter what time of day or night it is.

Finally, their friendly support team really stands out above others - special kudos to Vaino who offers practical advise and answers my queries promptly. He always made sure that I'm comfortable with my trades before proceeding forward.

All things considered, I highly recommend Trading Funding Firm Company for anyone looking for a reliable and reputable trader partner.",

"A very good prop firm company with a wonderful trading platform and easy verification steps. i think it will be number 1 for instant funding companies in the world very soon",

"This company has the potential to be big in funds without making a challenge. They help you solve your problems with support.",

"forgot to mentioned few things about this firm, they have so many hidden policy to scam traders, their rules r not crystal clear, and not all acc breached related rules mentioned in same section, Thye spread their tricky rules under different section which are not relevant as well. like prohibited trading:
""

We welcome all trading styles that can be replicated in Live market conditions. Trading styles that are deemed as “Cheating” on demo accounts are not permitted. Below is a list of styles prohibited within our program: Gap trading, latency arbitrage, long-short arbitrage, reverse arbitrage, reverse/opposite account trading, hedging, Tick scalping/trading, Martingale Trading and news straddling methods. Although this list does not include all tactics that can violate our trading policies, these are the most frequent ones we have observed traders trying to take advantage of demo accounts. If any account is seen to be using unfair strategies or an unrealistic trading style their account will be suspended.""

means they have so many hidden rules may apply when needed to scam.

after asking for more details:

this is simple no idea what is more u asked for, if u cant mentioned ur prohibated rules which rules trader will follow? u named few than mentioned that there r more? how to know which r eligible which r not?

to reply of ofp response:

dont fabricated ur scam as my frustration, u cheated with me and i submitted all the proof to trust pilot, if my claim was wrong then they will remove the review, which wasn't happened, so dont try to fool other by using false statements. yes every trusted / reliable prop firm mentioned prohibited trading rules specifically . only those are scam firm they dont mentioned specifically, and use words like urs.",

"Great instant funding prop firm. With comprehensive rules.",

"I tried this company and I can say it's the best prop firm funding ever. It's my way to financial freedom!!",

"Je suis en train d'essayer cette entreprise, elle semble être bonne pour quelqu'un qui recherche un financement immédiat",

"excellent, I have not had any problem and most important of all, they pay.",

"OFP is a great prop firm for all traders!
I started trading with them late last year and the service has consistently been treating me well.
The support team is approachable and responds to any queries within a few moments on all platforms including email.
Trading with OFP is an investment that yields considarable returns when you follow the rules!
OFP is a very good fund you can manage risk management very easily, and the best is its 10% general drowdown and 5% daily drowdown, I recommend it. They pay in a timely manner.",

"Es la mejor empresa de financiamiento directo, los pagos son rápidos y sin problemas además el soporte es exelente, recomiendo la empresa para traders que prefieran el financiamiento directo",

"Start earning from day one with OFP Instant Funding Account. I have been trading in forex Market for more than 2 years but, I have never seen any Prop Firm providing Instant funding with 10% Drwadown Rule (Without Trailing), OFP is ahead in this game. OFP is helping profitable traders to gain more profits in their journey. If anyone wants go with OFP, you are on right place. Simple Rules, Instant Support, New Website and evrything is their. Thank you OFP to be in this industry and hope we can see more and more new updates from you.",

"highly qualified staff, individual approach, transparent terms and conditions.",

"Me gustaría saber a OFP quien los regula o vigila? Es por temas de verificación y confianza.",

"Great, wow
Small fees and payouts from the first month
No Challenges, No Profit Targets,
Thnx OFP",

"Im very gratefeul for this company i dont have a capital and it gave me a chance to make a very good one",

"Great, Under trial and vigorously as well",

"They are undisputable RIGHT NOW
Everything is fast, from getting account to payouts.
Cant thanks you guys enough. Keep being the quality you are.",

"مشكرين عل هده اشركة",

"Indicáis de nuevo que la reducción es diaria y es totalmente falso porque si fuera diaria la regularíais a las 24 horas no al segundo en cada operación que lo que hacéis es engañar a los operadores que hacemos bien las cosas así vuestra empresa no va a llegar muy lejos ya lo sabe toda una comunidad de la manera de actuar que tenéis

Sin más un cordial saludo",

"honestly ofp is simply the best there is think about it The one time payment the most basic rules ,fidelity program, instant funding come on its too good to be true",

"great firm . with easy rule and no challenges at all . i hope they rise up 25% pay out profit sharing percentage .",

"I entered this company and i will bought a account and I would to buy new account i want to trust in this company thanks so much
Spread here low
I can buy and sell a lot of world currencies against the dollar and against the euro and the pound and the yen",

"The Best of the Best!
Best affordable instant funding prop firm! Best profit payout and scalable! Best community out there!",

"It offers great costs, is easy to grasp, and works with a broker that is highly reputable. Above all, it features two programs that are simple to understand and devoid of difficulties; there are no tests or problems; simply affordable, quick money.",

"Un amigo viene operando hace 6 meses con su cuenta fondeada de overview y viene recibiendo los pagos, vengo por recomendación de el esperando que sea tan buena como el me dijo.",

"Great, that's my experience in a word. You definitely can't get it better in other propfirm. OFP should be your last bus stop.

With a small fee, I was able to own a funded account, no evaluation, no verification, no profit target, earning 25% profit on the monthly plan, to top it all, I own the account for life by following 3 simple rules.

My only regret is that, I didn't join this firm when it started newly.

Overview Funding Program is the BEST.",

"Overview Funding Program has the best trading terms and conditions for a successful trading journey. Doing away with tedious challenges is a relief to me.",

"Hello, just a quick review to say how I'm pleased of this prop firm.

Purchased a 100K GBP Supercharged account last week (should have waited for Black Friday today haha!) and I can confidently say after the first week accross different markets (Gold, EU and US indices, and some forex pairs) the trading conditions are hands down the best I've ever experienced in my whole CFD trading carreer!

Support is top notch, shoutout to Mr. V.G who is doing his best to help and satisfy customers' needs.

Will update regarding payments but I'm quite confident there won't be any issues with it!",

"It has excellent prices, it has 3 simple rules to understand, and they also work with a very reliable broker. And, above all, it has 2 programs that are easy to understand and without obstacles, nothing tests or challenges, just immediate funding at an affordable price.",

"A more than wonderful company. It is true that the profit percentage is small, but a company with high credibility. We hope that it will raise the percentage from 25% to 40% or 50%",

"Muy buena recomendacion de colegas que ya operan con la cuenta y son muy respetuosos y rapidos al responder atencion al cliente",

"I like this company , its the best out there for instant funding",

"The best instant funding company to start your journey to trading. They have best funding accounts to get start.
Cheap accounts . Support team is very fast. I recommend it",

"Is best broker in forex",

"In fact, what this company offers is great",

"i like ofp becaus you get funded without challenge thats cool",

"Brinda muy buena asistencia, con un servicio de de Fondeo inmediato extraordinario. Cada duda fue respondida a la inmediatez! Lo super recomiendo.",

"the best company i have worked with thanks alot",

"good good bien",

"This is a genuine company and I have received the payout.
Go for it.
Thank you OFP.",

"Esta empresa brinda tranquilidad y confianza a sus usuarios, dándonos la oportunidad de operar de una forma tranquila y recibir beneficios por ello, recomendada al cien por ciento para todos aquellos que buscan una empresa firme y confiable en el mercado.",

"OFP pattern is quite amazing as a company. I've not seen any prop firm that pays you demo trading. Their rules are so flexible and the lifetime aspect of you owning an account once you don't break the rules got me excited 😊.

Another thing I love about them is the timely payment.

They've also got excellent customer care always available to answer you

I will recommend you anytime and anywhere.

Let's Go OFP",

"OFP looks very promising, when it comes to instant funding accounts & All The Accounts are affordable. frankly I highly recommend it.",

"OFP is a great prop firm for all traders!
I started trading with them late last year and the service has consistently been treating me well.
The support team is approachable and responds to any queries within a few moments on all platforms including email.
Trading with OFP is an investment that yields considarable returns when you follow the rules!
OFP is a very good fund you can manage risk management very easily, and the best is its 10% general drowdown and 5% daily drowdown, I recommend it. They pay in a timely manner.",

"It's really great to get an instant funding with this company",

"son muy buenas empresa la atencion al cliente es exelente y sus spreeds perfectos",

"in ofp is a great company am a trader who knows that consistency is gained by never breaking my trading plan at the moment I do so, that will already be a common mistake",

"Professional company with one of the best customer support reach",

"Very good andbim happy work with you and I hope aksab ktir mn almal e w aba mellioner I hope ..fff",

"Une bonne entreprise simple efficace et rapide j'esperes que le partage du profit passera de 25% a 40 ou 50 en mensuel ce serai magnefique 🙂",

"Fast execution and sure TP and SL. Already had a Payout. Support Team reply to you in less than 24H.",

"buena atencion. buenas condiciones para el comercio. decici comprar una cuenta dada las buenas condiciones que ofrecen",

"One month working with them and everything has worked very well, two days ago I received my first payment, so I am very happy.",

"Lo máximo, me llegó el Retiro de mi 25% en menos de 12 Horas, y un soporte la cliente muy atento y servicial, 💪💪💪",

"OFP is a very good fund you can manage risk management very easily, and the best is its 10% general drowdown and 5% daily drowdown, I recommend it. They pay in a timely manner.",

"A wonderful company and it is the first and fastest company that you can make money with.. It was a beautiful experience and I highly recommend it",

"Excelente inventiva de la empresa, una gran oportunidad para entrenar y a la vez generar ingresos ... Excelente atencion, excelente pago, sin queja alguna gracias OFP",

"Great 😃It's amazing what you offer OFP Hopefully it will be 50% instead of 25%.",

"This is great company for funded traders 🤑💪",

"OFP is an excellent company, with immediate funding which takes the stress out of the trader of going through a challenge. Here you go directly to make percentages that will be your profits once the trading days are completed.",

"It's really great to get an instant funding with this company besides other advantages...",

"very good prop firm. very good support discord
thanks all my best company aver",

"NO CHALLANGE A GREATE AFFILIATE AND DISCOUNT",

"ofp is a very perfect company",

"It is an honest and wonderful company and the money in it is easy and fun. We thank them for their efforts with us and I wish success to all",

"Very good company I made profit and withdrawed",

"This is one of the promising prop firm for instant funding in recent times.rules are pretty simple without making any confusion for the traders.",

"I a new member in the ofp, I hope I can be one of the top traders in ofp,
Thanks",

"I think it's a very good prop firm cuz u don't need to pass any challenges , and u keep the street away this is a good point a lot of traders struggling with like me , and the second point they have a very good prices so any one can gat a 50k or 100k and make money 🤑.",

"Buena empresa, lo
Bueno que te quita el estrés de andar pasando pruebas para poder tener u a cuenta Real",

"the best. the one and only im here to stay here",

"El soporte se destaca
Muy rápida reacción y disposición.
Sin ninguna decepción y todo muy transparente.

Muy contento con la experiencia!",

"It is a very good company compared to others. I see a lot of future for it since they offer direct passes and have simple and clear rules to understand. I have some friends financed in this firm
and they have had no problems, they pay them correctly and they have recommended me as one of the best and safest on the market.
In conclusion, 10/10 highly recommended",

"Excellent financing company for traders who want good capital for their trade, offers competitive opportunities in relation to other companies, offers opportunities for different commercial account models; immediate or challenger funding, recommended by the different forms of payment for the purchase of accounts, also for the withdrawal of profits, it offers the opportunity to choose the withdrawal method of your preference, especially for countries with strict exchange laws, withdrawal by cryptocurrencies, and you have the opportunity to accumulate points from the loyalty program to help you buy an account, excellent service",

"Really Amazing funding company that gives you instant funding account without evaluation or testing the trader and with competitive prices.
It is an excellent company, compared to others, I think highly of it and I see a lot of future since they offer two types of account, they have simple and clear rules to understand, it has daily and maximum reduction, in addition, I have some friends funded in this prop firm
and they have had no problems, they are paid properly within 24 hours, and the icing on the cake is their broker, one of the best and safest in the market.
In conclusion, 10/10 highly recommended funding firm.",

"hasta ahora es la mejor empresa de fondeo instantáneo, un buen soporte , pagos puntuales",

"El soporte es excelente, los precios accesibles y la modalidad muy favorable para los traders!

Muy positivo en todos los aspectos, felicidades!",

"Es una empresa innovadora, ya que proporciona oportunidades para el beneficio de los traders, sus condiciones y reglas son beneficiosas porque ayudan a los traders que son disciplinados y que se ven obligados en otras empresas a obtener un porcentaje de rentabilidad alto en un tiempo determinado. Overview Funding tiene una plataforma facil de comprender, sus reglas estan claras sin nada oculto la atencion es bastante rapida y efectiva. Por todos estos motivos me parece una excelente empresa.",

"Excellent Prop Firm
It is an excellent company, compared to others, I think highly of it and I see a lot of future since they offer two types of account, they have simple and clear rules to understand, it has daily and maximum reduction, in addition, I have some friends funded in this prop firm
and they have had no problems, they are paid properly within 24 hours, and the icing on the cake is their broker, one of the best and safest in the market.
In conclusion, 10/10 highly recommended",

"I am in several telegram groups and so far I only read good things, and they comply with the payments, which is one of the most important things",

"Very poor experience. I simply used a risk managment tool and shared it with the support. They bannded my account because for them a risk managment tool is a EA like any other EA, without even checking it. So I had no chance of a discount or second chance or even explanation. Really bad support and it has a bad smell, too. Stay away!",

"This prop firm is really amazing I'm so excited to work with them , thanks ofp to give me the chance to become successful in my life and reach the financial freedom",

"de las mejores empresas de fonde. recomendada",

"Best prop firm ever",

"Best instant funding program with best platform with best spreads on market No wasting time challenges,No target,No stress,I strongly recommend it to anyone",

"OFP is a great prop firm for all traders!
I started trading with them late last year (2021) and the service has consistently been treating me well.
The support team is approachable and responds to any queries within a few moments on all platforms including email.
Trading with OFP is an investment that yields considarable returns when you follow the rules!",

"thats a great company ..
thanks OFP",

"It was my first account. I understood daily loss limit wrong. I thought it works same as other company's which means it resets every day, but it is different, when you book some profits intraday daily loss limit go up. So my loss limit was taken higher 84aud and I hit loss limit by 23aud (limit daily was 1250). The rule is :

"Your equity and balance must not be less or equal than your daily maximum balance minus the account margin. The account margin is 5% of your initial deposit balance. Each day is considered to be starting from midnight GMT +0."

Anyway after I reached support i understood mistake.

I asked support can my account be bring back, but no response for my last 2 emails. So it means for me they do not care, money taken no more problem.

Other thing to consider is company got reward program and they pay points for sharing in social media and good reviews on trust pilot, so now I understand why so many good short reviews.

The only good thing is ic markets demo.",

"OFP came out with their own package that is totally different from what others are offering, and that's one of their selling points.",

"Excellent response on Discord wit customer service.",

"One of the best prop firm without challenge.",

"OFP es una empresa muy buena.. jamas he encontrado una empresa que te paguen y den una cuenta sin pruebas. Por sobre todo es muy accesible y sobre todo una buenisima empresa",

"The best instant funding program I have come across so far",

"OFP is the best of the best. In my 7 years of trading experience, I have never seen such an honest, efficient and fast trading investment platform. Payments and withdrawals are effective and ultra fast. frankly I highly recommend it. Big up to OFP. Thanks to you my goals are and will be achieved. Because I've always been a good trader but I didn't have the capital to get started. Thanks to OFP it's done. Today my dream is coming true",

"Mi amigo me mostró un pago de ellos y que realmente les da la oportunidad a los traders que son RENTABLES a capitalizarse con OFP.

Los veo con mucho futuro, su tasa alta de pagos a los traders habla muy bien de ellos. No son como el resto de las otras compañías que quieren que ingreses para PERDER dinero.

SI SOS RENTABLE, ESTÁS EN EL LUGAR INDICADO.",

"the best instant funding",

"They really good prop firm for traders who wants instant funding. Yeah, profit splits could be low, but it's better to earn something rather than just wasting it on a challenge account. They always pay you. They honest, and informative. Always willing to help. Currently funded with MyForexFunds and as one of my friend suggested them. Wanted to check their model. Currently have 100k with them. Will upload review and payouts on youtube soon :) thanks guys, you are great!",

"Great company, there is no evaluation and psychological pressure
I love this company",

"The best firm I have experienced, OFP is caring for their customers.",

"Really good experience with OFP platorm and big thank's for the support. professionel platform.No Challenges or Verifications, please increase a 25% net payout in monthly account (35% is better) .
Thank you",

"Great instant financing company
It has a program to collect points to get discounts",

"OFP It is the best options to start trading forex at affordable prices and safeguarding your capital. In addition, with the referral program it has, it allows you to help other traders and continue to grow your possibilities accompanied by a leading company in the sector.",

"Great offers, thank you!",

"Acabo de comprar una cuenta. Esperemos que todo salga bien.",

"Overview funding program is perfect",

"this best prop firm company and they have amazing programs for instant funding nice to subscribe with you and so proud to deal with you thank you",

"me gusta la pagina es amigable y compresnible, el no tener que pasar pruebas e ir directo a la accion es genial.",

"A great experience, thanks for all!!",

"For everyone who came to inquire about this company, I tell you, rest assured, it is a company with high security and great confidence, and thank you",

"I like forex trading but OFP has changed my view on forex trading via prop firm funding! It's easy to use , Their Broker is ICMarkets..... I think they have Potential to be the Best in this field.
Good Luck!",

"I think OFP is one of the best Funded programs. I love the fact that you do not have to pass any challenge to get funded.
It is going to be a life changer for me.",

"أردت الكتابة بالعربية .لكي يصل هذا الى كل العرب هذه الشركة اكثر من ممتازة خاصة اسعارها .هذه الشركة احسن من كل الشركات ولها مستقبل زاهر",

"The best for those who wana begging for treading",

"They are one of best prop firms in the trading industry.",

"It is excellent instant funding program and they have smart models of trading and pay weekly this nice plan",

"OFP It is one of the best options to start trading forex at affordable prices and safeguarding your capital. In addition, with the referral program it has, it allows you to help other traders and continue to grow your possibilities accompanied by a leading company in the sector.",

"Es una empresa de fondeo con muchas cualidades que la hacen una excelente opción al momento de tomar la decision de entrar en el mundo del fondeo.",

"ofp is the best prop firm i have ever met and their rules are not that hard to follow and their accounts are life time if you do not break the rules",

"Una empresa recomendada, el soporte tecnico muy rapido para aclarar cualquier duda los programas que ofrecen son excelentes para trades consistentes y que no quieren someterse a pruebas ni verificaciones.",

"Even though I have yet to withdraw , I still think ofp is one of the best Funded programs . I love the fact it is instant withdraw and we do not have to go through if of those challenges to to receive in account .
I will be withdrawing very soon . Hopefully one day I the future , ofp will offer 100k plus accounts that would be awesome but for now I am content .
I give 5 plus starts for there customer service , they always get back to you at a timely manner . Overall a great program",

"Horrendous prop firm, designed by traders to rob other traders.
I got paid out but wish I'd have just blown the account.
They take the lions share, deem trades as gambling when they aren't, when I was on week 3 my account balance was 27500 and I'd made profit but because they decided some trades were gambling (they weren't they just can't understand that lot size and stop loss are correlated) they took money away from previous profits however this did not reflect on screen on my mt4, the balance remained the same.
It is completely disgusting to penalise a trader 40% of his previous profits on the final week, you already make enough out of us why be so greedy? Not designed for traders to win, stick to my forex funds or FTMO.
Only positive is Admin Vaino, great guy v helpful.",

"Hola
La Paz del Señor esté con ustedes

La experiencia de pago fue satisfactoria, pague con Visa y todo bien, a breves minutos recibí por email los datos para conectarme a la plataforma MT4.

Ya ha pasado una semana que inicie, y me llegó también el corte semanal a mi email indicando lo ganado a la fecha (Supercharged); esto me dio mucha confianza.

Saludos",

"pinta bien, veamos desde dentro",

"Nice experience, good spreads and fast support.",

"I am professional forex trader with 6 years of experience. OFP has really different and surprising trading model for traders because there are no challenges to pass and we can start earning from day 1. I will later update my more experience in details with OFP shortly.",

"Mi experiencia es muy buena. He hecho trading y me han pagado conforme prometian. Así que 5 estrellas!!! Se lo merecen!!!",

"Trustworthy company, excellent customer service",

"OFP changes the game, the best pro firm at the present moment",

"I REALLY THINK THAT THE EXPERIENCE I HAVE HAD WITH THE COMPANY HAS BEEN EXCELLENT, AN EXCELLENT IMMEDIATE SUPPORT THERE ARE NO HIDDEN RULES, PROMPT ANSWERS TO MY QUESTIONS AND SOLUTIONS, I CAN SAY THAT IT IS THE BEST COMPANY THAT PROVIDES GREAT OPPORTUNITIES TO OUR GROWTH AS TRADERS, VERY GRATEFUL.",

"Amazing support and fast on the responses to our doubts",

"Always a great customer service. Would recommend to anyone wanting to start using a prop firm on the forex industry.
Trustworthy, fast response, great services.",

"One of the best firm today been 1 of August is my 28 days and i got a mail that i did not trade 3 times in the third week of which i did i reach out to the admin and the problem was resolve within 10m with with so many apologies from the compenay you can trust them they are the best",

"Amazing amazing",

"Quick opening of the account, I only lost a bit to download and add my credentials to the metatrader platform, otherwise and so far everything is fine",

"first time user so good so far, looking forward and excited for this company..",

"great customer service. one of the best prop firms ive used so far.",

"OFP is the way to go. No stress, no headache.Simple and reliable.I’ll recommend it to anyone.",

"all is good except the dashboard that sometimes not working and kinda too clunky",

"The Prop firm is awesome. No manipulations of trades. You trade at real demo conditions. So far so good. I will update when my payout is confirmed after 1 Month.",

"I just took a try with OFP and the kind of live support and helping hand which i received from the support team executive named Vaino was to the nex level. I am highly obliged to him as they have released my funded sharing profits on real time basis with smooth process without any delay. I am highly obliged to have such a wonderful funding program for full time traders like me. Moreover, their spreads are almost zero and dashboard is very user friendly. This is a huge competition for all the Prop firm in near future. I am in love with OFP. God bless them all.",

"It's everything good except sometimes MT5 don't work too well, it's slower compare to trading view",

"The best company with fast and good customer service i have a lot of question and he answer all of my question
Tnx a lot ofp prop",

"The program is great and more improvement is expected",

"Simple processes to have the account and begin to trade.",

"The best prop firm for no consistenze and 25*% earn with no challenge
25.000 format Is the best for price e drowdown",

"El programa es uno de los mejores en las cuales he invertido. Y la atención es muy buena.",

"It is the best choice for a trader. Perfect service and perfect assistance. thank you",

"Best service that i ve found on web!
Thanks for all, customer service it’s great!

E soprattutto parlano anche italiano alla grande!",

"Great customer service, fast and reliable.",

"The support from the team has been very good. They answer all questions without any problems. Realistic team with future to be one of the most reputable companies in the world of trading finance. They always pay with real proof from funded traders. I hope to continue however longer with them.",

"The customer service is excelent. They give you the time and patiently help you. This company have a very good potential of grow and i'm blessed that i can work with them!",

"I was skeptical at first. However, they provided excellent customer service. Quick account turnaround and when I did have my first profitable week, they were very fast in congratulating me and making the payout in my preferred payment method. Highly recommend this firm!",

"Good company that’s providing traders the opportunity to make money",

"Got my fist payout! This an honest, trustworthy company, make sure you read and follow the rules. I will be loyal to this company as long as they keep working like they do. Tnx OFP",

"Don't like the fact that profits don't add to daily drawdown. The model is confusing a",

"Subsequent to my first week experience, I got my right payout for the following weeks. Make sure to read the rules and ask questions where you need clarification. If there is no rule broken, payouts will be sent.",

"One of the best prop firms out there! Communication is prompt and clear, customer service is outstanding. Everyone should have their eye on this firm - soon to outshine all the others! Well done OFP!",

"Received my payment today!! Could have been earlier but fault was mine and the admins were understanding and cooperative.

Already recommended this program to a friend last month. Hopefully he joins and get paid for trading a demo account 😂😂.

#UNREAL😆😆😆😆",

"OFP has been supportive and I appreciate their quick response to issues...",

"Amazing experience with them. Payout and account credentials in less than 24h. Thank you.",

"I think Overview funding program is one of the best program in the industry but the only thing I dislike about this firm is the daily drawdown limit which doesn't increases with your profit for that day.

It's a standard rule followed by every prop firm that the daily loss limit increases along with the generated profit for that day.

I hope they will come up with something which attracts more traders.",

"I like OFP program because they have an excellent customer service, payout. To me si the best prop firm.
Another thing that I like is their presence in social media like Instagram, Facebook and Discord.",

"Ottima azienda e con un servizio clienti molto professionale.
Ho acquistato un account, ho avuto accesso dopo solo 2 ore.
Le regole sono poche e semplici e i generosi payout sono pagati in modo puntuale.",

"very good prop firm. very good support discord",

"This is real and I’ve been paid today 🤩🤩🤩
I was skeptical about it all but I thought I’ll give it a go as I’ve tried a few companies before this one. I’ve traded for a week and got my payout today. The admin (Vaino Gaweseb) has been absolutely amazing and answered all my messages promptly. I always got swift replies from him and I’m so thankful for him for reassuring me with a couple of things. Here’s to moreee 🤩🤩🤩

P.S I never ever leave reviews on any websites but this was so damn worth it so I couldn’t not comment on it 😆",

"I been with Overview Funding for a few weeks and I like their customer service very quick response and I love their mt4 platform very accurate and also the best part about overview funding is they send you your payouts fast I give overview funding 5 stars",

"Fast opening account and of course is nice feeling to trade with bigger account, not only own poor accounts. Regards",

"Pretty cool , wish they would be more timely with information such as withdrawals … but they got me right with the bag though",

"I make profit and OFP paid 5k of my profit then I invite my others 3 friend to join , after a week 2 of them make huge profit i.e 11k usd and 13k usd which should entitled 25% of their profit . OFP accused we are same person and banned us as requested reason given:
1) Same Trades
2) Same SL Amount
3) Same Nationality
4)Same 1st Strategy
5) Same Lot Size
6) Same Pair
7)Same Style

We reply that we trade separately and the reason our trade style Same because we learned same technique and from Same Guru. Their rules doesn't stated this is not allow . Furthermore , our trade entry point and time are NOT SAME at all and they call us cheater by accusing we do copy trade assume /suspect 1 trader provide signal but Most important thing is all our trades are totally Different Entry Point /Different TP point / Different Entry Point so how this call as copy trade &signal provide.
With regards to Same SL Amount because unnder this programme max DD is 5% so some our trade set to 4% or max 4.5% under 5% which doesn't break any rule , ditto lotsize .
All evidence included Email between OFP is available and will be provided to Trustpilot upon request
The way OFP handling this case is very unprofessional even they know we are not same person and they just use their term & condition as excuses not pay us and banned us without refund just based on their assumption and suspicious four of us are same inviduals which we could jusyify by KYC we are four different individuals but they refuse consider our request.
They even stated I already can make 20k profit (5kusd payout), so not suitable to their program and this is not stated at their T&C .",

"They’re one of the best in the game and payment is swift!.",

"Good and wonderful support team..... Fast and reliable. Got my login earlier than 24 hours.",

"Very good company and very quick sign up process",

"You charged me 139£ for 25k $ acc, but 25k£ acc is cost 101£ and thats disgusting, you should charge me 139$ which is less..",

"Great service! Fast pay! Great team!",

"I'm not so impressed with the dialy target of 5% and in trying to be updated about it. But then thd purchase system is okay but can be improved then I believe that people can get a second chance account if possible.",

"Okay, you reading this, think of the benefits in joining OFP. First of all no challenge, easy platform, excellent support, fastest payouts ever. OFP is not only a prop firm but a way of life.",

"Good, if only account provision can be more faster will be good.",

"OFP (Overview Funding Program) is another level.
Highest payouts aside, the team and the service is amazing.
Fast and accurate payments, and an amazing customer service.",

"They changed the way to be funded.
5 stars for:
Payouts
Payments
Customer service
Platform
This is really a prop firm and how they care about you is amazing!
Even their Discord is the top.
I recommend OFP to every trading lover.",

"I found OFP on socials and what I heard about them is real.
25% of payouts on demo accounts (the highest on the market) an excellent customer service and weekly payouts.
This prop firm is the top, high quality and standards.
I suggest OFP to all traders who want to become a funded trader by a rising star made by real and top traders..they know how to make happy clients!",

"Great costumer support, great brokers, great payouts. Amazing. Received my payment in less than 1h. OFP needs to give lesson to all the other Prop Firms",

